id-JP5720701B2    abstract-
id-CN103930296B    abstract-驾驶员制动性能反馈可使用车辆显示系统以制动效率数的形式传达给车辆操作者。显示系统可包括车辆显示器，该车辆显示器用于显示对应于制动效率数的制动效率指示器或仪表。制动效率数可基于在至少一个制动事件期间重新捕获的总再生制动能量与在所述至少一个制动事件期间可重新捕获的制动能量的最大量或在所述至少一个制动事件期间消耗的实际的总制动能量的比较。在制动事件完成时或在包括多个制动事件的行程完成时，可显示制动效率数。显示器还可传达对应于行程距离的通过再生制动获得的那部分行程距离的距离。
id-EP2476573B1    abstract-
id-US9018812B2    abstract-Manual drive energy is input into a transport device of one embodiment by linearly reciprocating a first drive member that couples by way of a ratchet mechanism (or other mechanical motion rectifier means) and a mechanical motion amplifier means to one or more faster spinning flywheel masses. The one or more flywheel masses are formed in part by a combination electric motor/generator and it has rechargeable electric batteries distributively provided about a flywheel mass portion thereof. Tapered roller bearings having ferromagnetic material are interposed between the one or more flywheel masses and/or between one of the flywheels and a stationary frame of the transport device so as to repeatedly make and break closed magnetic flux conducting loops and thus provide at least one of an electric motoring and electricity generating function.
id-DE102012001697A1    abstract-Es werden eine elektrohydraulische Bremse und ein Steuerverfahren für diese offenbart, die eine hydraulische Bremskraft zum Übertragen eines stabilen Pedalengefühls und ein regenerierbares Bremsen zum Verbessern des Kraftstoff-Wirkungsgrads vorsehen. Die elektrohydraulische Bremse enthält einen Hauptzylinder (120), ein Gehäuse (110) enthaltend eine Verstärkerkammer (112) und eine Basiskammer (111), ein Ölreservoir (140), eine hydraulische Steuereinheit (200), die mit dem Ölreservoir verbunden ist, eine Simulationseinheit (130) und einen Pedalversetzungssensor (150). Die hydraulische Steuereinheit enthält einen Akkumulator (210), eine Pumpe (221) zum Absorbieren von Öl aus dem Ölreservoir und zum Ausgeben des Öls zu dem Akkumulator, einen Motor (222) zum Antreiben der Pumpe, ein normales Schneidventil (220), ein Simulationssteuerventil (230), zwei Steuerventile (241, 242) zum Steuern des Drucks in der Verstärkerkammer, Drucksensoren (251, 252, 253) zum Erfassen der Drücke in der Basiskammer, dem Akkumulator und der Verstärkerkammer, und eine Steuervorrichtung (260) zum Steuern des Motors und der Ventile auf der Grundlage von Druckinformationen und Pedalversetzungsinformationen.
id-US20120180468A1    abstract-A system and associated devices that can be used to transform vibrational energy absorbed by the wheels of an automobile into captured energy for use by the automobile. A method to charge an automobile's electric battery without burning fuel and in a shorter time period than prior approaches. A method to assure a smooth drive for an automobile by reducing vibrations associated with the automobile. An apparatus that provides for the vector superposition of the magnetic fields from a plurality of adjacent permanent magnets and maximizes radial magnetic flux density within coil windings for optimal power generation and energy conversion efficiency of an automobile. A system, method, and apparatus for compressing air resulting from the passage of a automobile over a roadway, thereby providing generation of power for the automobile.
id-US20120175200A1    abstract-A system is provided for customized vehicle deceleration. The system includes a braking system and a brake pedal position sensor that transmits a brake pedal position signal. A user interface is configured for transmitting a profile selection signal in response to a user input. A controller is configured for receiving the brake pedal position signal, the profile selection signal and an available torque signal, the available torque signal being indicative of a braking system torque capability. The controller analyzes the profile selection signal, to select a brake profile from pre-existing data. The controller compares the brake pedal position signal to the brake profile to determine a deceleration value. The controller compares the deceleration value to the available torque signal to determine a torque command. The controller transmits a torque command signal to the braking system for initiating braking.
id-KR20120082232A    abstract-단변속기의 에너지를 저장하는 플라이휠을 기계적으로 연결한 회생제동장치를 제공함으로써, 운전 조건에 따른 제한이 없을 뿐만 아니라 주변 전자파 간섭 등을 미연에 방지할 수 있고, 구조가 단순하기 때문에 신뢰성 및 안전성이 매우 우수하여 차량의 연비 개선 및 에너지 효율을 향상시킬 수 있는 무단변속기와 플라이휠을 이용한 기계적 회생제동장치가 개시되어 있다. 본 발명에 따른 회생제동장치는 드라이빙 모터와 연결되어 회전하는 무단 변속기의 원동축에 착탈 가능하게 배치된다. 이러한 회생제동장치는, 차량 제동 시 차량이 가지고 있는 운동에너지를 저장하는 플라이 휠, 및 차량 주행 시에는 무단 변속기의 원동축에서 플라이 휠을 분리시키고, 차량 제동 시에는 원동축에 플라이 휠을 연결시키는 탈착수단으로 이루어진다.
id-DE102011008928A1    abstract-Insbesondere in einem Rennwagen soll sich das Verhältnis der auf die Vorderräder einerseits und auf die Hinterräder andererseits wirkenden Bremskräfte nicht ändern, auch wenn einmal Energie mit Hilfe eines Generators rekuperiert wird und ein andermal nicht. Die Erfindung stellt hierzu zwei Teilvolumina in Form von bevorzugt zwei gesonderten Bremszylindern (20, 28; 20, 28') bereit, denen eine Umschalteinrichtung (30) zugeordnet ist derart, dass wahlweise Bremsfluid aus dem einen oder dem anderen Teilvolumen bzw. Bremszylinder (20, 28; 20, 28') den Bremsdruck bereitstellt.
id-WO2012105933A1    abstract-The invention is a combination accumulator and reservoir which stores energy when the accumulator deforms from its original shape in response to the flow of a pressurized fluid from the reservoir. The stored energy is returned when the fluid flow is reversed and the accumulator discharges the fluid and returns to its original shape. At least one part of the novelty of the invention is that the accumulator and the fluid reservoir reside in the same housing such that the volume of each varies inversely. Accordingly, the invention is more compact and weighs less than conventional accumulators. Another feature of the invention is that fluid is located around the bladder accumulator to lubricate contact between the bladder and sides of the reservoir.
id-US9081387B2    abstract-A method and a device are for prediction and adaptation of movement trajectories of a vehicle for assisting the driver and/or for preventing or reducing the severity of a collision. Situatively required movement trajectories for assisting the driver or collision avoidance are determined using an environment sensor system. Physically possible movement trajectories are determined from characteristic properties of the driving dynamics of the vehicle and from the coefficient of friction between the tires and the road up to a maximum coefficient of friction. An intersection between the above two sets of trajectories is determined, and only trajectories that are included in this intersection are taken into account for the prediction and adaptation of movement trajectories for the driving assistance or collision avoidance function.
id-US9896074B2    abstract-An input rod is operated by a brake pedal to introduce the air into a variable-pressure chamber through a control valve to propel a power piston, thereby advancing a primary piston to generate a brake fluid pressure in a master cylinder. A part of the reaction force from the fluid pressure is transmitted to the input rod through a reaction member. The primary piston is provided with an idle stroke in which no fluid pressure is generated, and the reaction force to be transmitted to a plunger is limited by a reaction force adjusting spring. In the region of the idle stroke, a fluid pressure is supplied to a wheel cylinder through a fluid pressure control unit to perform regenerative cooperative control, and a reaction force from a reaction spring is applied to the input rod.
id-US9388832B2    abstract-A master cylinder device includes a housing whose front side end is closed and which includes a third housing member separating an interior of the housing into a front side chamber and a rear side chamber and having an opening through the third housing member, a first pressurizing piston which includes a main body portion disposed in the front side chamber and which is moved forward by receiving a force for pressurizing the brake fluid to be supplied to a brake devices, and an input piston. In the master cylinder device, an input chamber into which a brake fluid is introduced is defined between a rear end of the main body portion of the first pressurizing piston and the third housing member. The input piston is fitted in the housing with seals, whereby, an inter-piston chamber across which the input piston and the pressure receiving piston face to each other.
id-DE102011004140A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Bremssystem, insbesondere für ein Kraftfahrzeug, umfassend  eine Bremskrafteinrichtung mit einem Bremskraftverstärker zur Verstärkung einer Bremskraft und einer Bremsdruckbereitstellungseinrichtung zur Bereitstellung von Bremsdruck mittels eines Bremsmediums,  eine Bremseinrichtung, die mittels der Bremsdruckbereitstellungseinrichtung mit Druck durch das Bremsmedium beaufschlagbar ist, sowie  zumindest einen Sensor, welcher ausgebildet ist, eine Wegstreckendifferenz eines Verschiebemittels für die Verschiebung von Volumen des Bremsmediums der Bremskrafteinrichtung zu sensieren und wobei  die Bremskrafteinrichtung ausgebildet ist, das zu verschiebende Volumen des Bremsmediums anhand der sensierten Wegstreckendifferenz zu ermitteln.  Die Erfindung betrifft ebenfalls ein entsprechendes Verfahren sowie eine entsprechende Verwendung.
id-WO2012105896A1    abstract-A method for determination of a braking location for regenerative braking of a vehicle (1) to a known stop location. The regenerative braking is effected with a braking force which comprises a regenerative force component F e  imparted by a regenerative brake system (30) of the vehicle. The method comprises the steps of: i) determining a distance between a momentary location and the stop location, ii) determining a braking distance for said regenerative braking on the basis of the momentary speed and F e  ,iii) determining whether the distance between the momentary location of the vehicle and the stop location is within said braking distance, and iv) generating a signal that said braking location has been reached if the distance between the momentary location of the vehicle and the stop location is within said braking distance, otherwise the above method steps are repeated.
id-WO2012112145A1    abstract-A control interface for drivetrain braking provided by a regenerative brake and a nonregenerative brake is implemented using a combination of switches and graphic interface elements. The control interface comprises a control system for allocating drivetrain braking effort between the regenerative brake and the non-regenerative brake, a first operator actuated control for enabling operation of the drivetrain braking, and a second operator actuated control for selecting a target braking effort for drivetrain braking. A graphic display displays to an operator the selected target braking effort and can be used to further display actual braking effort achieved by drivetrain braking.
id-WO2012110988A8    abstract-A kinetic energy recovery device (10; 110) for a vehicle provided with at least of one wheel (4) having a hub (6), it comprises at least one elastic accumulator (11; 111), which is configured for accumulating kinetic energy in the form of elastic energy, and comprises a mobile portion (20; 120, 127, 128); and at least one driving device (12; 112), which is coupled to the mobile portion (20, 120, 127, 128) of the elastic accumulator (11; 111) and the hub (6) and is configured to convert the movement of the mobile portion (20; 120, 127, 128) of the elastic accumulator. (11; 111) into a rotary motion of the hub (6) in the direction of travel of the vehicle (1); the driving device (12; 112) is provided with a first cable (75) provided with a first head (78) coupled to the mobile portion (20, 120, 127, 128) of the elastic accumulator (11; 111); and a free-wheeling element (76), which is coupled to a second head (79) of the first cable (75) and is configured in such a way that winding the first cable in a first sense (Ml) without transmitting a rotary motion to the hub (6) and to unwind the first cable (75) in a second sense (M2) opposite the first sense (Ml) and to transmit a rotary motion to the hub ( 6).
id-DE102011010203A1    abstract-Zur Erhöhung der Fahrsicherheit wird ein Fahrzeug mit einem Elektromotor (2) zum Antreiben des Fahrzeugs, einer Fahrerassistenzeinrichtung (3, 4) zum Unterstützen des Fahrers beim Führen des Fahrzeugs und einer Sensoreinrichtung zum Erfassen eines Ausfalls oder Ausschaltzustands des Elektromotors bereitgestellt. Außerdem ist ein Mittel (5, 8) zum Betreiben der Fahrerassistenzeinrichtung ausschließlich für den Fall, dass mit der Sensoreinrichtung ein Ausfall oder Ausschaltzustand des Elektromotors (2) erfasst ist, vorgesehen. Damit kann beispielsweise bei Ausfall des Elektromotors (2) ein Bremskraftverstärker (3) weiterhin betrieben werden.
id-DE102011011134B8    abstract-
id-US8521350B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle includes: a charge control portion that adjusts an upper limit of charging power to a battery to prevent a negative electrode potential of the battery from dropping to a lithium reference potential, based on a charge/discharge history of the battery; a braking control portion that detects a sharing ratio between hydraulic braking force by a braking device and regenerative braking force for desired braking force according to a brake pedal depression amount so that a motor generator generates a regenerative braking force within a range of the adjusted upper limit of charging power; and a setting portion that variably sets, according to the hydraulic response rate detected by the detection portion, a degree of limitation of the upper limit when restricting charging current to the battery by restricting the upper limit.
id-US9062593B2    abstract-An arrangement for converting thermal energy to mechanical energy in a vehicle ( 1 ). A working medium is vaporized by a heat source ( 3 ) in the vehicle ( 1 ) and is thereafter expanded through a turbine ( 13 ) generating mechanical energy. A control unit ( 31 ) receives information indicating the vehicle ( 1 ) is to be braked and connects the cooling system ( 21, 39 ) of the vehicle to the vehicle's power train ( 2, 5 - 9 ) to cool a refrigerant to a low temperature. The control unit ( 31 ) receives information that the vehicle ( 1 ) requires extra propulsive force and, uses the cooled refrigerant to subject the working medium in the line circuit ( 10 ) to a second step of cooling before it is led to the evaporator ( 12 ). The condensation temperature of the working medium may thus be lowered and more mechanical energy may be generated in the turbine ( 13 ).
id-US20140028083A1    abstract-A braking system includes a brake pressure provision device for providing brake pressure using a brake medium; a brake pressure compensation device; a wheel brake circuit including a wheel brake cylinder for braking a wheel, the wheel brake circuit being connected via a first actuator to the brake pressure provision device and via a second actuator to the brake pressure compensation device; and a control unit for controlling the actuators and the brake compensation device in such a way that the volume of the brake medium is adapted to a desirable brake pressure in the wheel brake circuit as a function of a predefined parameter, the brake pressure in the wheel brake circuit being reduced with the aid of the brake pressure compensation device and by opening the second actuator and closing the first actuator.
id-US9475475B2    abstract-A hydraulic brake system includes: a plurality of hydraulic brakes; and a first hydraulic pressure generator including a first hydraulic pressure source and a first hydraulic pressure controlling portion that is configured to control an output hydraulic pressure of the first hydraulic pressure source to a target hydraulic pressure. The plurality of hydraulic brakes includes (a) at least one disk brake and (b) at least one drum brake. The first hydraulic pressure generator is in communication with a first brake cylinder that is the brake cylinder of each of the at least one disk brake, and is isolated from a second brake cylinder that is the brake cylinder of each of the at least one drum brake, in a case when a regenerative cooperative control is executed.
id-US20130333969A1    abstract-The aim of the invention is to lower the fuel consumption of a vehicle having a pneumatic brake system during operation of the vehicle by utilizing existing components to their full capacity, thus contributing to energy conservation. The invention relates to a method for controlling pressure, wherein modes of compressed air expansion are provided: in a second compressed-air expansion mode, compressed air is channeled from a second compressed-air storage container to the compression chamber of the air compressor during expansion phases of the air compressor. In a third compressed-air expansion mode, compressed air is channeled from a third compressed-air storage container to the compression chamber of the air compressor during expansion phases of the air compressor. The invention further relates to a pressure control device.
id-KR20120111407A    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 제동 장치에 관련된 것으로, 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 듀얼 제동 장치는, 가압에 의해서 이동되는 제1페달과, 상기 제1페달이 소정의 위치를 지나면 상기 제1페달에 의해 가압되어 이동되는 제2페달과, 상기 제1페달이 가압에 의해 이동되면 작동되는 회생 제동 수단과, 상기 제2페달이 상기 제1페달에 의해 가압되어 이동되면 작동되는 마찰식 제동 수단을 구비한다.
id-US20120273285A1    abstract-A method of utilizing potential energy at a worksite comprising providing an energy storage machine including an energy storage system at a first rendezvous height above a working area, coupling the energy storage machine to a first work machine, generating energy while commuting the energy storage machine and first work machine down the first height, storing the generated energy in the energy storage system and decoupling the energy storage machine and the first work machine at a second rendezvous point adjacent to the working area.
id-FR2973300A1    abstract-Le Système comprend - individuellement associé à une roue (« R ») du véhicule - un moteur électrique (10) qui entraîne la roue par l'intermédiaire d'un ensemble d'arbre moteur (1a, 1b), lié à la tige (35) de l'amortisseur associé à la roue (« R »), caractérisé en ce que ledit système motopropulseur comporte un dispositif de freinage électromagnétique (20) implanté sur ledit ensemble d'arbre moteur (1a, 1b) dans la zone de puit amortisseur, de telle sorte que ledit dispositif de freinage électromagnétique (20) ne constitue pas une masse suspendue susceptible de dégrader le comportement routier du véhicule. Véhicules automobiles. Systèmes de freinage de véhicules automobiles.
id-KR20120013879A    abstract-본 발명의 회생 제동의 구조는 자동차 또는 열차에서 승객을 승하차하기 위하여 제동을 할 경우 소멸되는 가속력을 적당한 강도와 크기로 형성되는 스프링이 변형되게 하므로 차가 제동되면서 동력이 저장이 되고 차가 출발할 때는 변형되어 있는 스프링이 복원되면서 차가 출발하므로 연료가 절감 되는 것이다.             자동차, 전동차, 스프링
id-EP2704931B1    abstract-
id-US9421953B2    abstract-A control device is described for a brake system of a vehicle, having a valve control device that is designed to determine, at least taking into account a provided information signal relating to a generator braking moment of a generator that is currently being exerted or is to be exerted, a first target state of a first valve of the brake system that is connected to a master brake cylinder of the brake system and to a fluid storage device of the brake system in such a way that a brake fluid volume can be displaced out of the master brake cylinder into the fluid storage device via the first valve, which is controlled into an at least partly open state, and to output a first control signal, corresponding to the first target state, to the first valve, the first target state being determinable, by the valve control device, for a valve connected via at least one intake line to a brake medium reservoir of the brake system as fluid storage device, as first valve. In addition, a method is described for operating a brake system of a vehicle.
id-US9539990B2    abstract-A control device for a brake system of a vehicle includes a valve control device, using which, while taking into account a provided information signal with respect to a currently exerted or to be exerted generator braking torque of a generator, at least one high-pressure switching valve of a brake circuit of the brake system is able to be controlled into an at least partially opened state such that a brake fluid volume is able to be displaced from a main brake cylinder of the brake system into a storage chamber of the brake circuit via the at least one high-pressure switching valve that has been controlled into the at least partially opened state. Furthermore, a method for operating a brake system of a vehicle is described.
id-WO2012161262A1    abstract-移動体の車内温度を目標温度近傍に維持しながら、回生電力により回収される空調負荷を最大化することにより、移動体自身で回生電力を効率よく消費し、回生効率を大幅に向上させる。　運動エネルギーを電気エネルギーに変換するエネルギー変換装置を備えた移動体の制御装置において、移動体の室内温度を制御する空調装置と、移動体のブレーキ開始位置を把握するブレーキ開始位置把握手段とを設ける。そして、ブレーキ開始位置の手前の地点において、空調装置の負荷を予め零とし、ブレーキ開始位置において、暖房時であれば室温が最低許容温度に、冷房時であれば、室温が最高許容温度になるよう制御する。これにより、ブレーキ開始からブレーキ終了までの期間において、エネルギー変換装置による回生される電気エネルギーを、空調装置で最大限消費されるようにする。
id-US8991942B2    abstract-A brake control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a regenerative braking system includes a hydraulic circuit where a first passage connects a master cylinder to a wheel cylinder. A second passage connects a discharge side of a pump to a first portion of the first passage. A third passage connects a suction side of the pump to a second portion of the first passage between the master cylinder and the first portion. A fourth passage connects the suction side of the pump to a third portion of the first passage between an inflow valve and the wheel cylinder. A reservoir is connected to the third passage and a portion of the fourth passage between an outflow valve and the suction side of the pump. A shut-off valve restricts brake fluid discharge through a discharge-side valve from the pump being driven.
id-US8960811B2    abstract-A brake apparatus includes: a fluid pressure control valve; a fluid pressure pump; a feedback control circuit correcting a control power corresponding to a feedback control target rotation number of a motor and feed the corrected control power to a motor; a feed forward control circuit configured to feed, to the motor, a control power corresponding to a feed-forward control target rotation number of the motor; and an abnormal control fluid pressure generation control device, if a rotation number detector is abnormal, rotating the electric motor with the rotation number higher than the feedback control target rotation number by a margin rotation number, increases the brake fluid passing through the fluid pressure control valve, and changes the control current to be supplied to the fluid pressure control valve so that the wheel cylinder fluid pressure is not changed.
id-US8777336B2    abstract-A brake apparatus includes: a master cylinder generating a master cylinder fluid pressure; a wheel brake device applying a braking force to the wheels; a control fluid pressure generation device including a fluid pressure control valve and a fluid pressure pump; an electric motor driving the fluid pressure pump; a control fluid pressure setting unit setting a control fluid pressure; wherein the control fluid pressure generation device rotates the electric motor to circulate a brake fluid and applies a control current to the fluid pressure control valve to thus generate the control fluid pressure in the fluid pressure control valve, and a target rotation number setting unit configured to calculate a pump-necessary discharge flow rate and a brake fluid amount, and set a target rotation number of the electric motor based on the pump-necessary discharge flow rate.
id-US9221450B2    abstract-A method for operating a vehicle having an electric machine for driving the vehicle and a brake system. Electric energy can be recovered from a movement of the vehicle by the electric machine. In the method, a state of the brake system of the vehicle is determined, and an actuation of a brake pedal of the vehicle is detected. A brake pressure of the brake system and an energy recovery by the electric machine are adjusted dependent on the state of the brake system and the actuation of the brake pedal.
id-EP2535233B1    abstract-
id-US20120310501A1    abstract-Methods and systems employing the same for controlling braking characteristics of a vehicle are provided. Expected braking characteristics of the vehicle are received and driving condition data is continuously received. A determination as to whether the expected braking characteristics can be safely applied in view of the driving condition data is continuously made and the expected braking characteristics are applied when they can be applied safely.
id-GB2492073A    abstract-A braking arrangement, e.g. in a vehicle 100 having in-wheel electric motors, comprises a braking system, which includes a master cylinder 140 and brake pedal 130, arranged to vary hydraulic or pneumatic brake pressure applied a brake calliper or accumulator. In regenerative mode, the motors are arranged to generate a braking torque that is applied to a first wheel when the electric motor is placed via vehicle controller 102 in a braking mode of operation, wherein the electric motor is arranged to vary brake torque generated when the electric motor is in the braking mode dependent upon a predetermined operating condition, e.g. variations in hydraulic/pneumatic pressure in hydraulic lines, of the braking system. The braking system may be an anti-lock braking system and the variations in hydraulic/pneumatic pressure are a result of operating the anti-lock braking system.
id-EP2535232A2    abstract-An air braking system for a vehicle blends regenerative and foundation braking during low deceleration conditions in an effective and controlled manner. The braking system also includes a mechanical override that bypasses system electronics in response to an aggressive brake request such that treadle circuit pressure is sent directly to a brake relay circuit to actuate vehicle brakes.
id-EP2726347B1    abstract-
id-KR20130002231A    abstract-본 발명의 회생제동의 구조는 변속 기어와 대후에 연결 되는 구동 축을 중심으로 복합 판스프링이 형성 되고 상기 복합판스프링의 양 단에 크러치 작동 의 구조와 브레이크 페달을 밟을때 상기 복합판스프링에 동력이 저장 되면서 제동이 되고 가속 페달을 밟을때 출력부의 작동으로 상기 복합판스프링이 감기었던 동력이 풀리면서 구동 축과 대후의 헤리컬 기어를 구동하므로 출발시와 저속일때 연료 소모가 적게 되므로 연비가 많이 향상 되는 회생 제동의 구조에 관한 것 이다.             자동차, 판 스프링
id-EP2733030B1    abstract-
id-EP2548776B1    abstract-
id-CN103826944B    abstract-本车辆制动设备设置有液压制动设备、再生制动设备和制动控制设备，其中，制动控制设备包括目标获取装置、协调控制装置和防抱死控制装置。制动控制装置还包括：终值计算装置，该终值计算装置用于当在制动操作构件连续地操作的制动周期期间防抱死控制装置已经起作用时计算在防抱死系统（ABS）控制周期已经终止且协调控制装置已经重启时的时间点（在t4时刻处）的目标制动力（FR）及再生许可制动力（FH）；以及再生许可装置，该再生许可装置在一个制动周期中ABS控制周期已经终止且协调控制装置已经重启（t4时刻）之后启动，并且仅当目标制动力（FR）小于再生许可制动力（FH）时，该再生许可装置允许再生制动力（FE）的产生。这允许在将不增加在ABS控制装置已经启动且在一个制动周期期间已经终止之后重启ABS控制装置的可能性的范围内产生再生制动力，因此相比常规构型提高了再生效率。
id-CN103687763A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于车辆的制动系统，该制动系统具有与至少一个车轮制动钳（20）液压连接的主制动缸（10）以及流体输送装置，借助所述流体输送装置能够将制动流体运输到所述至少一个车轮制动钳（20）中，其中所述流体输送装置（22）构造为基本上均匀地进行输送的泵装置，借助所述泵装置能够将制动流体从流体存储装置（24）泵吸到所述至少一个车轮制动钳（20）中。所述流体输送装置（22）例如能够是齿轮泵或者移相运行的多活塞泵。此外，本发明涉及一种用于运行车辆的制动系统的方法。
id-US20140318910A1    abstract-A brake system is described for a vehicle having a master brake cylinder that is hydraulically connected to at least one wheel brake caliper, and having a fluid conveyor device by which brake fluid can be transferred into the at least one wheel brake caliper and out of the at least one wheel brake caliper, the fluid conveyor device including a pump motor that is controllable in two directions of rotation, the motor being capable of being controlled in such a way that brake fluid can optionally be pumped by the fluid conveyor device either out of a fluid storage device into the at least one wheel brake caliper or out of the at least one wheel brake caliper into the fluid storage device. In addition, also described is a method for operating a brake system of a vehicle.
id-EP2736754B1    abstract-
id-KR20130006211A    abstract-본 발명은 자동차의 회생제동 시, 제어의 정확도를 향상시키고 생산비용을 절감하는 것이 가능한 자동차의 회생제동 시스템에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 자동차의 회생제동 시스템은, 유압으로 작동되는 자동차의 회생제동 시스템에 있어서, 운전자의 조작에 의해 직접적으로 유압을 생성하는 제1 실린더; 자동차의 제동에 필요한 유압을 생성하여 휠에 전달하는 제2 실린더; 운전자가 요구하는 제동력을 인식하여 유압을 생성하거나, 상기 제2 실린더로부터 유압을 전달받아 전기를 생성하는 유압생성기; 및 상기 제1 실린더에서 생성된 유압을 상기 제2 실린더에 선택적으로 공급하도록 상기 제1 실린더와 상기 제2 실린더 사이에 개재되는 제1 밸브;를 포함할 수 있다.
id-KR101713705B1    abstract-변속기 회생 제동장치가 개시된다. 변속기 회생 제동장치는 차동 기어장치와 드라이브 샤프트를 포함하는 차량의 제동 작동시 손실 에너지를 회수하는 회생 제동장치에 있어서, 차동 기어장치의 입력축에 설치되어, 차동 기어장치의 입력축의 회전 제동력을 이용하여 전기 에너지를 발생시키는 발전장치를 포함한다.
id-US20130192915A1    abstract-A flywheel energy storage assembly and a method for dissipating energy stored in a flywheel assembly is provided. The flywheel energy storage assembly includes a flywheel rotatably disposed in a flywheel housing, a fluid source, a braking actuator in fluid communication with the fluid source and an interior of the flywheel housing, a sensor, and a controller in communication with the sensor and the braking actuator. In response to a stimulus detected by the sensor, the controller directs the braking actuator to facilitate fluid communication between the fluid source and the interior of the flywheel housing to dissipate energy stored in the flywheel energy storage assembly.
id-DE102011108111A1    abstract-Es wird ein Fahrzeug mit einem Hochdruckspeicher (12) vorgeschlagen, in den ein Hydraulikmotor (10) inen Volumenstrom einspeist, wobei zur Unterstützung des Fahrzeugantriebs vom Hochdruckspeicher (12) ein Volumenstrom den Hydraulikmotor (10) antreibt. Der Hydraulikmotor (10) fördert im Schubbetrieb über ein Steuermodul (11) einen hydraulischen Volumenstrom wahlweise in den Hochdruckspeicher (12) oder in einen Vorratsbehälter (13), der mittels eines steuerbaren Drosselventils drosselbar ist.
id-US8781675B2    abstract-A power transmission reception system for pairing a charge-requesting vehicle with a discharge-requesting vehicle for power transmission reception therebetween includes an extraction device and a transmitter. From each vehicle, a center acquire information about a present location, a traveling direction, and a destination point, and records the acquired information in a database while classifying the vehicle as the charge-requesting vehicle or the discharge-requesting vehicle. The extraction device extracts the charge-requesting vehicle and the discharge-requesting vehicle that are to simultaneously travel in a same area as paired vehicles in accordance with the information in the database. The transmitter generates information about a power transmission reception area and a partner vehicle in the power transmission reception, and transmits the generated information to the paired vehicles.
id-US8911703B2    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to systems and methods for reducing and/or harvesting drag energy from transport vehicles. A system in accordance with a particular embodiment includes a mobile transport platform, a donor substance source carried by the platform, and a thermochemical reactor carried by the platform and coupled to the donor substance. The reactor is configured to carry out a non-combustion dissociation process that dissociates the donor substance into a first constituent and a second constituent. An energy extraction system carried by the transport platform and positioned to extract energy from an airstream passing the transport platform is coupled to the reactor to provide energy for the dissociation process.
id-US9260089B2    abstract-The invention relates to a method for controlling a deceleration arrangement ( 10 ) of a motor vehicle with at least one regenerative braking device ( 12 ) which is designed to decelerate the motor vehicle by means of a variable braking torque and to generate electrical energy corresponding to the braking torque. A return speed of an operating element for driving the motor vehicle, in particular an accelerator pedal ( 22 ), is detected (S 2 ). A predefined braking torque is exerted (S 5 ) by the regenerative braking device ( 12 ) if the return speed and/or a variable correlating thereto exceed(s) or fall(s) below a predefined threshold value.
id-US9096315B2    abstract-An apparatus for recovering kinetic energy released during and aircraft landing after ground contact, for ground and/or flight operation, comprising at least one energy converter for conversion of the kinetic energy into another energy form, where the energy converter is located in the area of the nose landing gear and/or in the area of the main landing gear of the aircraft. At least one energy storage system is provided for receiving and releasing at least a part of the converted kinetic energy. The apparatus has a high degree of multiple utilization and enables, for example, maneuvering of a landed aircraft on the taxiway independently of the engines, where the aircraft is substantially moved with the braking energy recovered during the landing process. Since the main engines are no longer required for maneuvering, there is a considerable potential for saving energy and the use of motor-operated tow vehicles is eliminated.
id-US9221441B2    abstract-In a control device for a brake system of a vehicle, given an actuation of a brake actuating element, a buildup of brake pressure is prevented at least in a first wheel brake caliper of a first brake circuit, a first wheel inlet valve of the first wheel brake caliper being controlled to a partly open state, and a first wheel outlet valve of the first wheel brake caliper being kept in a partly open state, a second wheel inlet valve of a second wheel brake caliper of the first brake circuit being controlled to a partly open state, and a second wheel outlet valve of the second wheel brake caliper being controlled to a closed state, in such a way that a brake pressure can be built up in the second wheel brake caliper.
id-DE102012016300A1    abstract-Eine Bremssteuerungs-/-regelungsvorrichtung, die für ein Fahrzeug mit einem regenerativen Bremssystem verwendet wird, weist einen Bremskreis, der einen Hauptzylinder und einen Radzylinder verbindet; eine Pumpe; ein Auslass-Absperrventil; einen Vorratsbehälter, der eine Bremsflüssigkeit speichern kann, die aus dem Hauptzylinder strömt; und eine Steuerungs-/Regelungseinheit auf. Die Steuerungs-/Regelungseinheit weist einen Bremsflüssigkeitsspeicherungs-Steuerung-/Regelungsabschnitt auf, der die Bremsflüssigkeit speichert, die aus dem Hauptzylinder in den Vorratsbehälter strömt; einen Druckerhöhungs-Steuerungs-/Regelungsabschnitt, der das Auslass-Absperrventil in eine Ventil-Schließrichtung steuert/regelt und die im Vorratsbehälter gespeicherte Bremsflüssigkeit dem Radzylinder durch die Pumpe zuführt, worauf sich der Radzylinderdruck erhöht; und einen Druckverringerungs-Steuerungs-/Regelungsabschnitt auf, der, wenn das regenerative Bremssystem arbeitet, die dem Radzylinder zugeführte und unter Druck gesetzte Bremsflüssigkeit durch die Pumpe in den Vorratsbehälter füllt, worauf sich der Radzylinderdruck verringert.
id-US9718359B2    abstract-A vehicle information display may include a split braking gauge for conveying information relating to braking operation and efficiency to assist drivers in maximizing energy capture during braking in vehicle with regenerative braking systems. The split braking gauge may incorporate a side-by-side or stacked configuration for conveying both regenerative braking and friction braking values. The split braking gauge may include fixed thresholds or boundaries associated with dynamic threshold values that can change based on current vehicle operating conditions.
id-WO2013021272A2    abstract-A vehicle braking force control device includes a controller that controls braking force of a wheel by controlling friction braking force generated by a friction braking device and regenerative braking force generated by regenerative braking devices and that performs anti-skid control based on a requested amount of braking force reduction by controlling the friction braking force and reducing the regenerative braking force by an amount of regenerative braking force reduction. The controller sets a target change amount of the friction braking force based on the requested amount of braking force reduction and the amount of regenerative braking force reduction, and controls the friction braking force based on the target change amount when the controller reduces the regenerative braking force by the amount of regenerative braking force reduction.
id-CN103764431B    abstract-车辆的制动力控制装置的电子控制单元（26）作为第1状态，利用再生状态使轮内马达（15～18）进行工作而产生马达制动扭矩，并且使摩擦制动机构（21～24）产生摩擦制动力。另外，单元（26）作为第2状态，利用牵引状态使马达（15～18）进行工作而产生马达驱动扭矩，并且使机构（21～24）产生摩擦制动力。并且，当在第1状态与第2状态之间进行状态转变时，单元（26）使由马达（15～18）产生的制动扭矩的大小或驱动扭矩的大小，向增加和减少中的任一方进行变化，并且使由机构（21～24）产生的摩擦制动力的大小向增加和减少中的任一方进行变化。
id-CN102963248A    abstract-提供了一种车辆，所述车辆具有控制器，所述控制器实施控制至车辆的油输送的方法。该方法包括增加从泵流动至操作地连接至车辆车轮的传动装置或电动机/发电机的油流速和油压力中的至少一个，由此增加对电动机/发电机的转子或传动装置的旋转阻力，并使车辆车轮减慢，以及增加油温度以减少摩擦损耗。被控制的油输送响应于车辆运行状态，诸如表明在车辆车轮处的扭矩的期望增加或油温度处于预定温度之下的条件。
id-EP2760714B1    abstract-
id-US20130062932A1    abstract-A brake control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a regenerative braking device, the brake control apparatus includes: a first brake circuit connecting a master cylinder configured to generate a brake hydraulic pressure by a brake operation of a driver, and a wheel cylinder to which the brake hydraulic pressure is applied; a booster configured to increase a pressure of a brake fluid within the master cylinder, and to transmit the pressurized brake fluid to the wheel cylinder through a second brake circuit connected with the first brake circuit; a third brake circuit bifurcated from the first brake circuit, and connected with the booster; a reservoir provided on the third brake circuit; and a recirculating device configured to recirculate the brake fluid stored in the reservoir, to the first brake circuit's side.
id-CN102991499B    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于控制装备有电控机械式自动变速器(AMT)的混合动力车的滑行的方法。首先，从加速踏板不被操控时起，基于在加速踏板的总操控程度的预定控制范围内的加速踏板的操控程度，改变再生制动量。再生制动量随着加速踏板的操控程度的增加而降低。所述控制范围用来按如下方式执行控制，以根据加速踏板的操控量改变再生制动量。另外，所述控制范围被设置为在加速踏板的总操控程度的初始5至20％的范围内。
id-US20130060440A1    abstract-A vehicle braking system includes (a) a rotary machine that functions at least as an electricity generator and that is capable of generating braking torque based on regenerative torque, (b) a first braking control apparatus that electrically controls the braking torque of a mechanical brake that is provided for a wheel, and (c) a second braking control apparatus that replaces one of the braking torque provided by the rotary machine and the braking torque provided by the mechanical brake with another one of the braking torque provided by the rotary machine and the braking torque provided by the mechanical brake while maintaining a target braking torque, the second braking control apparatus correcting the braking torque provided by the rotary machine so that the deviation lessens, if the braking torque of a vehicle has deviation from the target braking torque at time of replacement transition.
id-DE102012217092B4    abstract-Bremskraftverstärker (30) zur Verwendung in einem hydraulischen Bremssystem mit einem Bremspedal (14), einem Hauptzylinder (18) und einer hydraulischen Steuereinheit (22), wobei der Bremskraftverstärker (30) umfasst:ein Gehäuse (34);eine Schraubengetriebeanordnung (38), die wenigstens teilweise in dem Gehäuse (34) positioniert ist;einen an das Gehäuse (34) gekoppelten Motor (40) zum Betätigen der Schraubengetriebeanordnung (38); undeine in dem Gehäuse (34) positionierte Kolbenbaugruppe (88), wobei die Kolbenbaugruppe (88) und das Gehäuse (34) zusammen wenigstens teilweise definieren:eine erste Fluidkammer (138) mit einer Öffnung zum Herstellen einer Fluidverbindung zum Hauptzylinder; undeine zweite Fluidkammer (142) mit einer Öffnung zum Herstellen einer Fluidverbindung zur hydraulischen Steuereinheit (22);wobei die Schraubengetriebeanordnung (38) betreibbar ist, um einen Kolben (92) der Kolbenbaugruppe (88) zu bewegen, um das Volumen der zweiten Fluidkammer (142) zu variieren; undwobei der Kolben (92) nicht das Volumen der ersten Fluidkammer (138) variiert,wobei die Schraubengetriebeanordnung (38) einen von dem Motor (40) angetriebenen Rotor (48) umfasst,wobei die Schraubengetriebeanordnung (38) ferner umfasst:eine an den Rotor (48) zur Drehung mit diesem gekoppelte Schraube (68); undeine über der Schraube (68) positionierte Gewindebuchse (72);wobei die Drehung der Schraube (68) in einer ersten Richtung eine Bewegung der Gewindebuchse (72) in Richtung auf die Kolbenbaugruppe (88) zu bewirkt,wobei die Gewindebuchse (72) eine Dichtfläche (114) umfasst, die selektiv mit dem Kolben (92) in Eingriff bringbar ist, um eine Öffnung in dem Kolben (92) abzudichten und dadurch die erste Fluidkammer (138) von der zweiten Fluidkammer (142) zu isolieren.
id-WO2013038329A2    abstract-A controller for a vehicle having an electric motor for driving the vehicle and a friction brake for inhibiting movement of the vehicle, the controller comprising means arranged to generate a control signal for actuating the electric motor to consume current for generating a drive torque and means for actuating the friction brake to dissipate energy resulting from the drive torque produced by the electric motor while the drive torque is being generated.
id-US20130081705A1    abstract-A system for evacuating gas from a brake booster of a motor vehicle includes: a first conduit adapted to be connected fluidly to the brake booster; an electric pump connected fluidly to the first conduit, and controllable to evacuate gas from the brake booster via the first conduit; a second conduit; an electric valve fluidly connecting the first and second conduits to each other; a mechanical pump connected fluidly to the second conduit, and adapted to be driven by a vehicle drive unit of the motor vehicle to evacuate gas from the brake booster via the first conduit, the electric valve, and the second conduit; and a control unit operatively associated with the electric pump and the electric valve, and configured to control operations of the electric pump and the electric valve according to a working state of the mechanical pump.
id-EP2766231B1    abstract-
id-EP2581249B1    abstract-
id-CN103057539B    abstract-本发明涉及一种控制车辆制动的方法，实施该方法的系统包括用于检测施加于制动踏板的压力的传感器。所述系统也可包括能够检测制动系统液压的压力传感器。所述系统还可包括用于检测制动踏板位置的位置传感器。将施加于制动踏板的压力与液压或与踏板位置进行比较。如果测量结果不是适当地相关，则应用制动措施。所述制动措施可包括发动机制动、再生制动、液压助力及制动垫助力。
id-KR20130038159A    abstract-본 발명은, 유압 제동 유닛(41) 및 회생 제동 유닛(42)을 구비하고 브레이크 페달(10)의 작동 정도 및 제동 시스템의 적어도 하나의 특성을 검출하도록 설계된 제동 장치(40)를 구비한 자동차를 위한 상기 제동 시스템의 제어 방법에 관한 것으로, 상기 방법은 제동 시스템의 적어도 하나의 검출된 특성에 기초하여 유압 제동 유닛(41)의 유압 제동력 특성 곡선(B2)을 산출하는 단계(S1)와, 사전 설정된 기준에 기초한 특성맵으로부터, 산출된 유압 제동력 특성 곡선(B2)의 함수로서, 회생 제동 유닛(42)의 발전기 기반 제동력 특성 곡선(G1~G4)을 선택하는 단계(S2)와, 산출된 유압 제동력 특성 곡선(B2) 및 선택된 발전기 기반 제동력 특성 곡선(G1~G4)에 기초하여, 검출된 브레이크 페달(10)의 작동 정도에 따라 유압 제동 유닛(41) 및 회생 제동 유닛(42)을 제어하는 단계(S3)를 포함한다.
id-DE102012019973A1    abstract-Es wird eine Bremsvorrichtung eines elektrohydraulischen Bremssystems für Fahrzeuge offenbart, die eine hydraulische Bremskraft liefert, um ein stabiles Pedalgefühl zu übertragen, und ein regeneratives Bremsen für eine Verbesserung des Kraftstoff-Wirkungsgrades vorsieht. Die Bremsvorrichtung enthält eine Betätigungseinheit enthaltend einen Hauptzylinder (120), ein Gehäuse (110) enthaltend eine Verstärkungskammer (112) und eine Simulationskammer (111), einen Eingangsstab (115), einen Behälter (140), der mit dem oberen Bereich des Hauptzylinders verbunden ist und Öl speichert, einen Simulator (130), der mit der Simulationskammer verbunden ist, und einen Pedalversetzungssensor (150), der die Versetzung des Pedals (10) erfasst, und eine hydraulische Steuereinheit (200). Die hydraulische Steuereinheit enthält einen Akkumulator (210), eine Pumpe (211), die Öl aus dem Behälter saugt und das Öl zu dem Akkumulator ausgibt, einen Motor (212), ein erstes Steuerventil (221), ein zweites Steuerventil (222), ein drittes Steuerventil (223), Drucksensoren (231, 232, 233), die die Drücke des Akkumulators, der Verstärkungskammer und der Simulationskammer erfassen, und eine elektronische Steuereinheit ECU (240).
id-WO2013056506A1    abstract-一种车辆惯力储存释放再用系统，其包括驱动车辆车轮旋转的驱动轴（1）、气马达（2）、离合器（3）和储气瓶（4）。气马达（3）通过离合器（3）与驱动轴（1）连接。当车辆起步时，储气瓶（4）给气马达（2）供气，离合器（3）使气马达（2）与驱动轴（1）连接，气马达（2）驱动所述驱动轴（1）旋转；当车辆正常行驶时，离合器（3）使气马达（2）与驱动轴（1）分离；当车辆刹车时，离合器（3）使气马达（2）与驱动轴（1）连接，驱动轴（1）带动气马达（2）旋转，气马达（2）产生气体并通过出气管（26）给储气瓶（4）充气。该系统可有效减少车辆起步时的耗油量，减少车辆尾气的排放。在进行刹车时，驱动轴（1）可带动气马达（2）给储气瓶（4）充气，从而使储气瓶（4）能保持足够大的压力，同时气马达（2）还可以给驱动轴（1）提供一定的阻力，起到减速作用，以增强车辆的制动效果。
id-FR2981033A1    abstract-Un procédé d'adaptation de freinage pour un véhicule équipé d'un moyen de freinage régénératif et d'un moyen de freinage complémentaire ayant des temps de réponse différents, comprenant la génération d'une consigne de freinage adaptée (C ) auxdits moyens de freinage, par filtrage temporel d'une consigne de freinage (C ) destinée à l'un desdits moyens de freinage.
id-DE102011117309A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine elektrische Radantriebsanordnung, sowie einen Nachrüstsatz zur Bereitstellung einer elektrische Radantriebsanordnung für ein Fahrzeug, umfassend ein Rad (12) mit einer zentralen Radnabe (14), einem sich in Radialrichtung an die Radnabe (14) anschließenden Radkranz (16), und einer ringförmig geschlossen an einem Außenumfang des Radkranzes (16) verlaufenden Felge (18), und eine dem Rad (12) zugeordnete elektrische Antriebsmaschine 40. Erfindungsgemäß ist vorgesehen, dass die elektrische Antriebsmaschine 40 als ein innerhalb des axialen Erstreckungsbereiches des Rades (12) angeordneter Außenläufermotor ausgebildet ist, dass ein Rotor 42 der Antriebsmaschine (40) durch die Felge (18) oder eine an einer Innenumfangsfläche der Felge (18) befestigte Rotormagnetanordnung (46) ausgebildet ist, und dass ein Stator (50) der Antriebsmaschine (40) als eine ringförmige Statorbaueinheit (52, 54) enthaltend eine Statormagnetanordnung (54) ausgebildet ist, wobei eine Innenumfangsfläche der Statorbaueinheit (52, 54) an einer axialen Schulter (56) des Radkranzes (16) radial abgestützt und drehgelagert ist, wobei die Statorbaueinheit (52, 54) jedoch mittels einer Halteeinrichtung (60, 62, 34) drehstationär gehalten wird.
id-US9033115B2    abstract-For zip line braking, a brake cable travels between at least two terminals. A brake applies a braking force to travel of the brake cable. A link arm is in physical communication with the brake cable. A trolley receiver in physical communication with the link arm and slidably traveling along a zip line receives a trolley slidably traveling along the zip line. The trolley receiver transfers the braking force through the link arm to the trolley.
id-US9126501B2    abstract-An electric vehicle includes a regenerative brake and a mechanical brake. The vehicle also includes a wheel bearing unit and a load sensor associated with the wheel bearing unit. The load sensor is configured to detect a load that acts between a road surface and a tire along a direction in which the vehicle travels. The vehicle also includes a load-responsive regenerative brake limiter configured to reduce a braking torque generated by the regenerative brake when an output of the load sensor reaches a preset value. A maximally actuator may be configured to calculate a maximum possible regenerative braking torque for the regenerative brake based on a rotational frequency of a wheel and a state of charge of a battery unit and to actuate the regenerative brake at a maximum torque within that commanded range.
id-JP5872268B2    abstract-
id-DE102011085901A1    abstract-Verfahren zur Steuerung durch eine Betriebsbremse und eine elektrische Generatorbremse gebildeten Bremseinrichtung eines Fahrzeugs, bei dem über ein erstes Betätigungsorgan eine Bremsanforderung bis zu einer vorgegebenen maximalen Bremsleistung vorgebbar ist, wobei bei einer über das erste Betätigungsorgan eingesteuerten Bremsanforderung das Fahrzeug a) ausschließlich mit der elektrischen Generatorbremse gebremst wird, wenn diese allein die Bremsanforderung erfüllen kann, oder b) mit der maximal möglichen Bremsleistung der elektrischen Generatorbremse und zusätzlich mit einer von der Betriebsbremse geleisteten Bremsleistung gebremst wird, wenn die Bremsanforderung größer ist als die maximal von der elektrischen Generatorbremse erbringbare Bremsleistung und kleiner ist als die vorgegebene maximale Bremsleistung.
id-JP5892399B2    abstract-
id-CN103101441A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于根据至少一个运动参数和/或力和/或力矩的至少一个确定对车辆（12）的制动装置（38、40、42、44）的相应的制动要求的预先规定（s x 、v x 、a x 、F x 、M）来对所述车辆（12）尤其汽车的制动功率进行控制和/或调整的方法，其中所述车辆（12）具有至少一台与电气的蓄能器（36）相连接的用于用作再生制动装置（38）的电机（16）和至少一个另外的制动装置（40、42、44）。在此设置了至少一个对所述至少一个运动参数和/或力和/或力矩的预先规定（s x 、v x 、a x 、F x 、M）进行限制的公差范围（Δs x 、Δv x 、Δa x 、ΔF x 、ΔM），其中此外也根据所述电机（16）的当前最大可能的再生效率（P mr ）在所述公差范围之内进行所述制动功率的控制和/或调整。此外，本发明涉及一种相应的控制和/或调整装置（46）。
id-EP2591960A1    abstract-L'objet de l'invention est un procédé d'assistance électrique au freinage d'un véhicule à motorisation (M), ladite motorisation (M) comprenant un moteur électrique (10) couplé à un arbre principal (20) entraînant une roue (22) du véhicule, une roue (22) dudit véhicule étant équipée d'un dispositif de freinage (48) mécanique actionné par un circuit hydraulique (47), ledit procédé consistant à capter une information dans le circuit hydraulique (47) et à utiliser ladite information comme consigne d'un couple de freinage généré par le moteur électrique (10) et exercé sur l'arbre principal (20), l'information captée dans le circuit hydraulique (47) de freinage étant une mesure de pression (P) du fluide, ladite mesure de pression (P) étant effectuée par un capteur (60) disposé en sortie du dispositif de mise en pression (56) du circuit hydraulique (47), la mesure de pression (P) étant transmise aux moyens de commande (34) du moteur électrique (10) sous la forme d'un signal électrique de tension électrique (T), et ledit signal étant exploité par lesdits moyens de commande (34) pour le calcul d'une consigne (C) de couple de freinage appliquée au moteur électrique, le procédé étant caractérisé en ce que ladite consigne (C) de couple de freinage électrique est proportionnelle à la tension (T) issue du capteur de pression (60), et en ce que le facteur de proportionnalité (K) entre la tension de sortie (T) du capteur (60) et la consigne (C) est paramétré dans les moyens de commande (34).
