id-US10978763B2    abstract-An exemplary battery pack cover includes a polymer layer and a metallic layer grounded to a chassis of an electric vehicle. An exemplary method includes shielding battery cells of a battery pack against electromagnetic interference and thermal energy using a multilayer cover that is grounded to a chassis of an electrified vehicle.
id-US10071699B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a power control unit having at least one of an inverter and a converter, a drive motor that produces torque for running the vehicle when electric power is supplied from the power control unit to the drive motor, a vehicle body kept insulated from a road surface, a case main body in which the power control unit is housed, a member that is connected to the case main body where the member is insulated from the case main body, or in a condition in which electric resistance is large, and a static eliminator that neutralizes and eliminates positive charges on the member and lowers a positive potential of the member, by self-discharge for producing negative air ions in outside air according to the positive potential of the member that is electrostatically charged.
id-JP6360442B2    abstract-
id-US10286805B2    abstract-The present invention relates to an energy storage module system and, more specifically, to a hybrid energy storage module system selectively using, according to the amount of power required in a load, a lithium battery and a lead storage battery by mutually supplementing the lithium battery and the lead storage battery. According to the present invention, the hybrid energy storage module system is an energy storage module system for supplying power necessary for the driving of a load and comprises an energy storage device, a first sensing unit and a second sensing unit, and a controller. The energy storage device includes at least one lithium battery module and at least one lead storage battery module. In addition, the energy storage device includes a switching network configured so as to connect the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module in different arrangement modes. The energy storage device is connected to both ends of a load and supplies power. The switching network can include a path for connecting the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module, and a plurality of switches provided on the path. The first sensing unit is configured so as to measure the temperature and the voltage of the lithium battery modules, and the second sensing unit is configured so as to measure the temperature and the voltage of the lead storage battery module. The controller controls the switching network in order to change the arrangement modes of the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module of the energy storage device.
id-EP3242732B1    abstract-
id-EP3251888B1    abstract-
id-US9975449B2    abstract-A power convertor including an inverter driving a motor generator, a first DC/DC converter connected to a DC bus of the inverter, a second DC/DC converter varying voltage of the DC bus, and a control device controlling the inverter, the first DC/DC converter, and the second DC/DC converter. The power converter is a power conversion device setting voltage of the DC bus in a second control state higher than a voltage of the DC bus in a first control state by controlling the second DC/DC converter according to the control device. By setting the voltage of the DC bus of the inverter to a low voltage when it is not necessary, it is possible to reduce loss in the inverter and the step-down DC/DC converter, and to downsize the inverter and the step-down DC/DC converter.
id-US10266069B2    abstract-A control device for electric motor vehicle uses the motor as the traveling driving source. The control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to decelerate by the regenerative braking force from the motor. The control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to detect the amount of the accelerator operation, detect the motor rotation speed proportionate to the traveling speed of the electric motor vehicle, and calculate the motor rotation speed estimated value according to the state of the electric motor vehicle. Additionally, the control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to detect or estimate the resistance component unrelated to the gradient from the vehicle state and correct the motor rotation speed estimated value according to the resistance component. Further, the control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to calculate the feedback torque to stop the electric motor vehicle based on the motor rotation speed and calculate the feedforward torque to compensate the feedback torque based on the corrected motor rotation speed estimated value. The control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to calculate the motor torque command value and control the motor based on the calculated motor torque command value. When the amount of the accelerator operation is equal to or less than the predetermined value and the electric motor vehicle is just before the stop of the vehicle, the motor torque command value is converged to 0 based on the feedback torque and the feedforward torque together with the reduction in the traveling speed.
id-US10554117B2    abstract-The invention relates to an electric converter ( 30 ) for a substation feeding an electric grid and/or for recuperating the braking energy of rail vehicles traveling on a railroad track, the substation being connected to a feeder line able to supply a DC voltage to the rail vehicles traveling on the railroad track, the substation comprising an electricity distribution grid able to deliver a corresponding three-phase voltage with three phases, the converter ( 30 ) comprising a transformer ( 306 ) able to inspect the value of the three-phase voltage delivered by the electricity distribution grid, a filtering device ( 304 ) able to filter the three-phase voltage of the transformer ( 306 ), and an inverter ( 302 ) connected to the filter ( 304 ).
id-CN105752074B    abstract-本申请公开基于再生制动请求的变矩器离合器容量。一种车辆包括发动机、变速器、和配置为提供驱动扭矩和再生制动扭矩的电机。电机通过离合器选择性地与发动机连接。车辆额外包括具有连接电机和变速器的相关联的旁通离合器的变矩器。旁通离合器具有相关联的扭矩容量。车辆进一步包括控制器。控制器配置为：响应于指示预期再生制动请求的制动请求，在再生制动事件之前将扭矩容量增加与和预期再生制动事件相关联的预期再生制动扭矩对应的量。
id-US20160214490A1    abstract-A vehicle including a powertrain having an electric machine, an engine, a traction battery, and a controller are provided. The controller may be programmed to, in response to a state of charge of the traction battery being less than a threshold while the traction battery is powering a device external to the vehicle, operate the powertrain to charge the traction battery at a rate based on an ambient temperature irrespective of an electric load requested by the device.
id-RU2657480C1    abstract-Изобретение относится к области регенеративного торможения. Предложено устройство управления для транспортного средства, которое формирует фрикционную тормозную силу, чтобы замедлять транспортное средство. Устройство управления содержит средство определения частоты вращения двигателя, средство определения нажатия педали акселератора, средство оценки возмущающего крутящего момента, средство регулирования величины фрикционного торможения, средство управления. Средство управления выполнено с возможностью заставлять величину фрикционного торможения сходиться к значению, определенному на основе возмущающего крутящего момента в сочетании с уменьшением частоты вращения двигателя, когда рабочая величина нажатия педали акселератора равна или меньше предварительно определенного значения, и транспортное средство находится в момент времени непосредственно перед остановкой транспортного средства. Предложен также способ управления для транспортного средства. Достигается предоставление технологии, которая уменьшает формирование вибрации в продольном направлении кузова транспортного средства при остановке транспортного средства. 2 н. и 8 з.п. ф-лы, 10 ил.
id-DE112015000284T5    abstract-Ein rückspeisender Wandler 100 enthält eine Energiewandlungseinheit 12, welche mehrere Schaltelemente enthält, einen AC-Anschluss 11, welcher mit einer AC-Seite der Energiewandlungseinheit 12 verbunden ist, einen ersten Anschluss P1, welcher mit einem Ende der Energiewandlungseinheit 12 auf einer DC-Seite verbunden ist, einen zweiten Anschluss P2, welcher mit dem einen Ende der Energiewandlungseinheit 12 auf der DC-Seite über ein Rückflussverhinderungselement verbunden ist, und einen dritten Anschluss N, welcher mit dem anderen Ende der Energiewandlungseinheit 12 auf der DC-Seite verbunden ist, und kann sowohl als einseitig rückspeisender Wandler wie auch als total rückspeisender Wandler dienen, indem Verschaltungen des ersten Anschlusses P1, des zweiten Anschluss P2 und des dritten Anschlusses N geändert werden, um hierdurch eine weitere Reduktion seiner Kosten zu erreichen.
id-KR102460194B1    abstract-본 발명은 차량 구동 시스템과 에너지 제어 방법을 개시한다. 이 차량 구동 시스템은 DC 버스에 연결된 DC-DC 컨버터와, DC 버스에 연결된 제1 및 제2 저장 장치와, DC 버스에 연결된 DC-AC 인버터와, DC-AC 인버터에 연결된 모터와 에너지 관리 제어 시스템을 구비하고, 에너지 관리 제어 시스템은 모터 차량과 부하의 작동 상태에 기초하여 제1 에너지 저장 장치와 제2 에너지 저장 장치 간의 에너지 분배 비율을 산출하여 시스템의 차량 구동 에너지 요구치를 충족시키는 한편, 차량 구동 시스템이 여러 자기 주행 조전에서 더 잘 가동되도록 함으로써, 본 발명 차량 구동 시스템은 더 높은 효율과 신뢰성을 가진다.
id-WO2016114032A1    abstract-この車両に設けられる自動列車運転装置において、速度制御部は、停止限界位置に前記車両が接近したことの通知を外部装置より受けた場合であって、前記車両の速度と前記速度となった時に回生ブレーキの最大ブレーキ力で減速する制御を行った場合の単位時間当たりに減少する速度との関係を示すブレーキ力特性において回生ブレーキのブレーキ力特性がブレーキ力特性減少速度以上となることにより減少する前記ブレーキ力特性減少速度以上で前記車両が走行している場合において、回生ブレーキのブレーキ力特性を用いて算出した目標速度パターンに基づく前記車両の速度に応じた回生ブレーキのみの制動力を用いて前記車両の速度の減速を制御する。
id-WO2016119948A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur gemeinsamen Regelung von Asynchronmaschinen (2; 3) eines Kraftfahrzeugs (1) mit einer ersten Asynchronmaschine (2) und einer zweiten Asynchronmaschine (3) zum Antreiben des Kraftfahrzeugs (1); einem Inverter (4), der dazu ausgebildet ist, die erste Asynchronmaschine (2) und die zweite Asynchronmaschine (3) mit einer gemeinsamen Statorspannung (5) bei einer gemeinsamen Statorfrequenz (6) zu versorgen. Das Verfahren umfasst die Schritte des Erfassens eines vorgegebenen Sollantriebsmoments (11) des Kraftfahrzeugs (1) für eine momentane Fahrsituation des Kraftfahrzeugs (1); des Erfassens einer ersten Drehzahl (7a) der ersten Asynchronmaschine (2) und einer zweiten Drehzahl (7b) der zweiten Asynchronmaschine (3); des Ermittelns einer gemeinsamen Betriebsstrategie der ersten Asynchronmaschine (2) und der zweiten Asynchronmaschine (3) gemäß dem vorgegebenen Solldrehmoment (11) unter Berücksichtigung der erfassten Drehzahlen (7a; 7b); und des Regelns der Statorspannung (5) und der Statorfrequenz (6) zur Einstellung der Antriebsmomente (9a; 9b) der Asynchronmaschinen (2; 3) gemäß der Betriebsstrategie.
id-CN105825700A    abstract-本发明公开了一种导航系统和工作方法、应用该导航系统的导航汽车，本导航系统包括：监控装置，位于各路口的用于拍摄该路口车辆的通行视频和/或图像，并且通过无线发送模块发送所述通行视频和/或图像；以及车载导航装置，预先规划出行路线，当配置有该车载导航装置的车辆即将行驶到规划的出行路线的第n个路口时，接收该出行路线中第n+1个路口的所述通行视频和/或图像，以供驾驶员查看；所述车载导航装置内设有语音识别子系统；发明的导航系统适于根据直观的对道路的通行能力进行判断，实现路径规划，具有实时性好，交通路况更直观的优点。
id-CN105790624A    abstract-本公开涉及用于确定可变电压转换器的占空比的系统和方法。一种车辆包括牵引电池、电机和可变电压转换器。所述可变电压转换器包括电感器并电连接在牵引电池和电机之间。所述车辆还包括控制器，所述控制器被配置为：基于流经所述电感器的电流的AC分量与校准的电阻的乘积，发布用于可变电压转换器的占空比命令。
id-US10086818B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a motor-generator unit, an energy storage system, and a high-voltage load (such as an electric compressor and/or electric heater), all interconnected via a high-voltage bus. The motor-generator unit is configured to operate in a regenerative mode and a non-regenerative mode with respect to the high-voltage bus. A control module is configured to operate the load at a first power consumption level during the regenerative mode, and to operate the high-voltage load at a second power consumption level, less than the first power consumption level, during the non-regenerative mode.
id-CN105905107B    abstract-本公开涉及一种基于车辆倾斜的电池荷电状态的目标。一种混合动力车辆包括：牵引电池、连接到牵引电池的动力传动系统和控制器或具有控制器的电池管理系统。控制器被配置为：根据与动力传动系统相关联的损耗以及车辆的倾斜角，来设置牵引电池的荷电状态的目标。控制器被配置为：对牵引电池的荷电状态和车辆的速度做出响应。当牵引电池的荷电状态大于所述目标并且车辆的速度大于阈值时，控制器被配置为：对牵引电池进行放电以实现所述目标。
id-EP3056397B1    abstract-
id-US9815373B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes an engine; a traction battery; and a controller or a vehicle control system having a controller. The controller is programmed to respond to a state of charge (SOC) of the traction battery. When the SOC is greater than a predicted SOC the controller is programmed to decrease a SOC threshold at which the engine is shut down to reduce the SOC. The SOC threshold is defined by a difference between a maximum SOC and an expected change in the SOC associated with predicted regenerative energy for a drive cycle.
id-US9694819B2    abstract-A vehicle is equipped with a rotational velocity acquisition unit that acquires a rotational velocity of a rotary electric machine that imparts a steering force or a steering additive force to a steering system. A drive control device controls a left and right driving force difference by a driving device on the basis of a rotational velocity of the rotary electric machine.
id-US20180034356A1    abstract-A variable ratio transmission comprising a rotor including one first set of coils; a second rotor containing first set of iron segments; a third rotor containing second and third set of coils; a fourth rotor containing second set of iron segments; a fifth rotor containing fourth set of coils; the first set of coils in magnetic communication with the first set of iron segments; the first set of iron segments in magnetic communication with the second set of coils; the first, second and third rotors forming a first set of magnetic gears; the third set of coils on the third rotor in magnetic communication with the second set of iron segments on the fourth rotor; the second set of iron segments in magnetic communication with the fourth set of coils; the third, fourth and fifth rotor forming a second set of magnetic gears coupled to the first set of magnetic gears.
id-CN105882414A    abstract-本发明涉及车辆用显示装置。提供一种促使驾驶员进行提高能量效率的驾驶操作的车辆用显示装置。车辆用显示装置(11)用于具备摩擦制动器的电动车辆，具有：基于摩擦制动器的工作状态来计算从电动车辆放出的损失能量的损失能量计算部(62)、基于损失能量来计算电动车辆消耗的能量消耗量的消耗量计算部(63)、基于第一期间的行驶距离和能量消耗量来计算平均能量效率的平均效率计算部(67)、基于比第一期间短的第二期间的行驶距离和能量消耗量来计算瞬间能量效率的瞬间效率计算部(68)、基于平均能量效率和瞬间能量效率的效率差来控制车载显示器的显示内容的显示器控制部(70)。
id-US9533602B2    abstract-An electronic control device on a vehicle having a shift transmission operable by a driver includes: a battery; a motor generator; and a three-phase inverter executing an electricity conversion between the battery and the motor generator bi-directionally; a detector detecting a shift down operation; an obtaining device obtaining a negative torque corresponding to the shift down operation; a determination device determining whether the battery is chargeable; and a controller controlling the three-phase inverter to generate the negative torque at the motor generator. When the detector detects the shift down operation, and the determination device determines that the battery is not chargeable, the controller outputs a switching signal to all of three upper arms or all of three lower arms to turn on simultaneously, and outputs a shutdown signal to all of three upper arms or all of three lower arms with executing a PWM control of the shutdown signal.
id-CN104648367A    abstract-一种高度集成的新型全解耦电液复合制动系统，包括电机、蜗轮、蜗杆、齿轮、齿条、制动主缸、踏板、踏板位移传感器、次级主缸、电磁阀、解耦缸、踏板模拟器、压力传感器、储液罐和管路等组成；本发明采用电机和涡轮蜗杆机构作为动力进行制动，可以实现踏板与制动主缸的完全解耦，通过简单的控制方法，使用6个电磁阀相互配合就能实现ABS、ESC等功能，结构简单紧凑，取消了高压蓄能器，减少了安全隐患，同时制动相应迅速，控制精确，机械的连接也有效的保证的车辆制动的安全性和可靠性。
id-CN105905113B    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于控制电动车辆的制动的系统与方法。一种用于控制设置有智能巡航控制系统的电动车辆制动器的方法，所述方法可以包括：当执行由智能巡航控制器的制动控制时，利用驱动信息检测器来检测驾驶员的制动请求；当检测到驾驶员的制动请求时，利用车辆控制器来停止智能巡航控制器的制动控制并保持由智能巡航控制器引起的制动量；根据驾驶员的制动请求利用车辆控制器来确定请求的制动量；以及利用车辆控制器，通过使用所保持的由智能巡航控制器引起的制动量和请求的制动量来执行制动控制。
id-JP6586158B2    abstract-
id-CN107258049B    abstract-本发明涉及一种有再生能力的用于产生转动运动的驱动装置(1、10、100)，所述驱动装置构成为轮毂直接驱动器并且具有根据压电作用原理工作的电机、特别是以摇摆盘传动电机的形式，其中，所述驱动装置(1)具有至少三个根据压电作用原理工作的以120°的间隔设置在有效直径DW上的致动器(2)，所述至少三个致动器(2)分别具有一个壳体(3)，所述壳体(3)沿径向的圆周方向具有缝隙(4)，所述驱动装置(1、10、100)具有分别带有至少三个致动器(2)的两组致动器(2)。车辆、如机车、鞍式牵引车或者挂车可以装备所述驱动装置。
id-DE102015203137A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Kraftfahrzeug (1) mit wenigstens zwei zur Erzeugung von Antriebsleistung eingerichteten Leistungserzeugern (3, 5), wobei jeder Leistungserzeuger (3, 5) wenigstens eine elektrische Maschine (3.2, 5.2) und einen Hochvolt-Stromkreis (7, 9) aufweist. Dabei ist vorgesehen, dass die Hochvolt-Stromkreise (7, 9) der wenigstens zwei Leistungserzeuger (3, 5) elektrisch miteinander verbunden sind.
id-DE102015203519A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein elektrisches Antriebssystem für ein elektrisch betriebenes Fahrzeug, mit einer Steuerregelung, einem Wechselrichter, welcher eine Vielzahl von Halbleiterschaltern aufweist, und einer elektrischen Maschine, welche mit dem Wechselrichter gekoppelt ist, und welche von dem Wechselrichter mit einem ein- oder mehrphasigen Versorgungsstrom gespeist wird. Dabei ist die Steuerregelung dazu ausgelegt, ein Bremsanforderungssignal für das Fahrzeug zu empfangen, nach Erhalt des Bremsanforderungssignals die Vielzahl von Halbleiterschaltern des Wechselrichter zum Betreiben der elektrischen Maschine im Generatorbetrieb anzusteuern, und den Phasenstrom durch die Vielzahl von Halbleiterschaltern für eine vordefinierte Zeitspanne in einem Phasenstromwertbereich zu halten, in dem die Halbleiterschalter thermischen Schädigungen ausgesetzt sind.
id-KR102288749B1    abstract-본 발명은 비상 제동 시스템에 관한 것으로, 차량을 구동시키는 구동모터, 상기 구동모터에 3상 전원을 공급하는 전원공급부, 상기 전원공급부로부터 상기 구동모터까지 이어진 3상 전원의 각 라인을 서로 연결시킬 수 있는 라인연결부 및 차량의 비상 제동 동작 시 상기 구동모터가 제동력을 발생시키도록 상기 라인연결부를 제어하는 제어부를 포함하 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-DE102015203381A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Antriebssystems (2) für ein Kraftfahrzeug (1) mit einem Elektroantrieb (3) und einem wiederaufladbaren elektrischen Energiespeicher (5), mit folgenden Schritten: – Überprüfen (S4), ob während einer Fahrt des Kraftfahrzeugs (1) auf einer zu fahrenden Fahrstrecke eine Rekuperationsphase vorausliegt, bei der von dem Elektroantrieb (3) generatorisch bereitgestellte Rekuperationsenergie zum Aufladen des elektrischen Energiespeichers (5) bereitgestellt wird; – Erwärmen (S5) des elektrischen Energiespeichers (5) abhängig davon, ob zu Beginn der Rekuperationsphase der Energiespeicher (5) eine Temperatur aufweist, die eine Aufnahme der Rekuperationsenergie während der anstehenden Rekuperationsphase ermöglicht.
id-KR20160104312A    abstract-본 발명은 하이브리드 및 전기 차량의 브레이크 시스템 및 그 제어 방법을 개시한다. 구동동력을 공급하는 구동모터에 의해 회생제동을 수행하는 회생제동장치, 유압을 이용하여 유압제동을 수행하는 유압제동장치, 유압제동을 수행하는 브레이크 페달과 부스터 사이를 연결하는 스프링을 사이에 두고 서로 마주보는 한 쌍의 솔레노이드 및 감속 시 회생제동장치의 고장여부를 판단한 결과에 기초하여 한 쌍의 솔레노이드를 제어하여 스프링을 압축시키거나 또는 팽창시킴으로써, 회생제동 토크량 또는 유압제동 토크량을 제어하는 제어부를 포함한다.  즉, 회생제동장치의 고장여부를 판단한 결과에 기초하여 한 쌍의 솔레노이드를 제어하여 스프링을 압축시키거나 또는 팽창시킴으로써, 회생제동장치가 고장이 아닌 경우에는 회생제동장치에 의한 회생제동을 최대화하여 연비의 효율성을 향상시킬 수 있으며, 회생제동장치가 고장인 경우 유압제동을 최대로 증가시켜 기능 안전성(Functional Safety)을 향상시킬 수 있다.
id-KR20160097587A    abstract-본 발명의 실시예에 따른 하이브리드 차량의 회생 제동 장치는 연료를 연소시켜 전륜에 구동력을 제공하는 엔진; 상기 엔진을 시동시키고, 제동시 발전기로 작동하여 전기 에너지를 생성하는 시동 발전기; 상기 엔진의 구동력을 보조하고 후륜에 구동력을 제공하며, 제동시 발전기로 작동하여 전기 에너지를 생성하는 구동 모터; 및 차량의 주행 상황 및 제동 신호에 따라 제동시 발생하는 제동력으로부터 전륜 제동력과 후륜 제동력을 산출하고, 상기 전륜 제동력과 후륜 제동력에 따라 제동시 발생하는 제동력을 상기 시동 발전기와 상기 구동 모터를 통해 회생 제동시키는 제어부;를 포함할 수 있다.
id-JP5977855B1    abstract-【課題】車両用電源装置に設けられるスイッチの故障を判定する。【解決手段】モータジェネレータ１６とリチウムイオンバッテリ２７とを接続する導通状態と分離する遮断状態とに切り替えられる開閉スイッチＳＷ１と、モータジェネレータ１６と鉛バッテリ２８とを接続する導通状態と分離する遮断状態とに切り替えられる開閉スイッチＳＷ２と、リチウムイオンバッテリ２７の正極端子に接続される第１電源ライン２９と、鉛バッテリ２８の正極端子に接続される第２電源ライン３０と、モータジェネレータ１６の出力端子に接続される充電ライン３１と、を互いに接続するノード３２と、開閉スイッチＳＷ１の制御信号、開閉スイッチＳＷ２の制御信号、第１電源ライン２９の電流、および第１電源ライン２９の電位に基づいて、開閉スイッチＳＷ１と開閉スイッチＳＷ２との少なくともいずれか一方の故障を判定する故障判定処理を実行する故障判定部５３ｂと、を有する。【選択図】図２
id-CN105936278B    abstract-本申请提供一种在混合动力电动车辆中使用自适应巡航的系统和方法。一种用于控制车辆的方法包括：响应于在交通信号处的预期的停止和自适应巡航控制系统激活，自动控制车辆制动器以使车辆以制动减速率减速。该方法进一步包括：响应于车辆减速至中间速度，释放车辆制动器。中间速度确定为使得在中间速度时离完全停止的滑行距离约等于离交通信号的距离。
id-JP6335387B2    abstract-
id-US9796375B2    abstract-A control system for a hybrid vehicle configured to reduce frequency of establishing an engine braking force is provided. The control system is configured to operate a first motor as a motor to increase torque of an output member while halting the output shaft of the engine by a brake, and to increase the deceleration torque of the second motor, if a state of charge of the battery is higher than a predetermined threshold level when deceleration of the hybrid vehicle is demanded.
id-CN106004445B    abstract-本发明的目的在于降低具备第一蓄电池和第二蓄电池的车辆用电源装置的成本。搭载于车辆的车辆用电源装置(10)具有：电动发电机(16)，其与发动机连接；锂离子电池(27)，其与电动发电机连接；铅电池(28)，其与锂离子电池并联地连接到电动发电机，且端子电压比锂离子电池低；充放电控制器(51)，其控制电动发电机的发电电压，并控制锂离子电池的充放电，充放电控制器通过使发电电压上升为比锂离子电池的端子电压高，从而将电力从电动发电机供给到锂离子电池，通过使发电电压下降为比锂离子电池的端子电压低，从而将电力从锂离子电池供给到瞬时电压降低保护负载(33)。
id-KR101704176B1    abstract-본 발명은 하이브리드 차량의 제동 제어 방법에 관한 것으로서, 브레이크 페달 스트로크가 증가함에 의해 회생제동력과 유압제동력을 함께 발생시키는 제어 모드로 진입하고 난 뒤 회생제동력만을 발생시키는 제어 모드로 재진입하는 경우에서 유압 히스테리시스 현상에 대처할 수 있는 제동 제어 방법을 제공하는데 주된 목적이 있는 것이다.  상기한 목적을 달성하기 위해, 페달 스트로크에 근거하여 '페달 스트로크 Vs 압력' 맵으로부터 결정된 압력 값에 상응하는 회생제동 토크로 모터의 회생제동을 제어하는 제1구간의 제어 모드와, '페달 스트로크 Vs 압력' 맵에 설정된 상 임계 스트로크 값을 초과하는 페달 스트로크가 검출될 경우 페달 스트로크에 근거하여 '페달 스트로크 Vs 휠 압력' 맵으로부터 결정된 휠 압력 값으로 휠 브레이크의 유압을 제어하는 제2구간의 제어 모드를 포함하는 제동 제어 방법에 있어서, 제2구간의 제어 모드 진입 후 휠 압력이 '0'이 되는 시점을 감지하는 단계; '페달 스트로크 Vs 휠 압력' 맵으로부터 휠 압력이 '0'이 되는 페달 스트로크가 계산되는 단계; 휠 압력이 '0'이 되는 페달 스트로크를 '페달 스트로크 Vs 압력' 맵의 상 임계 스트로크 값으로 변경하여 설정하는 단계; 및 브레이크 페달 조작에 따른 페달 스트로크가 변경된 상 임계 스트로크 값 이하로 작아지면 제1구간의 제어 모드로 재진입하는 단계를 포함하는 제동 제어 방법이 개시된다.
id-US11110802B2    abstract-A method for operating a regenerative braking system of a vehicle by activating at least one motor employable in generator mode taking into consideration a first information with regard to a requested setpoint total braking torque and a second information with regard to an available generator braking torque which is maximally executable by the at least one motor employable in generator mode, if the setpoint total braking torque exceeds a threshold value and/or a piece of warning information regarding a transition to a backup level that is potentially imminent or has occurred of the regenerative braking system, even if the setpoint total braking torque is less than or equal to the maximally executable available generator braking torque, sufficient brake fluid is transferred via at least one hydraulic actuator to a wheel brake cylinder of the regenerative braking system that an air gap of the particular wheel brake cylinder is closed.
id-EP3275751B1    abstract-
id-US9586485B2    abstract-An exemplary electrified vehicle assembly includes a coolant circuit and a controller configured to selectively direct energy into at least one component of the coolant circuit to provide a negative wheel torque.
id-CN106032990A    abstract-本发明涉及一种实景导航系统的工作方法，导航系统包括：导航装置和多个设于车辆外周的摄像装置；所述导航装置包括：用于获取车辆行驶方向的陀螺仪，用于获取车辆行驶位置的GPS模块，用于存储地图数据和街景数据的数据存储器，以及处理器模块和显示模块；摄像装置的镜头上设有遮光罩；当车辆按预设导航路径行驶时，所述摄像装置跟随车辆实时拍摄当前车辆周围的实时景象；若前方存在复杂路口，则所述处理器模块将所述实时景象与数据存储器中预存的对应位置的街景进行匹配，同时结合所述预设导航路径，判断出当前车辆所在的位置、道路、以及正确的行驶方向；然后控制所述显示模块显示相应的导航图像。
id-KR101580773B1    abstract-본 발명은 엔진(10) 및 모터(20)와, 엔진(10)과 모터(20) 각각으로부터 생성되는 동력을 변속기(30)로 전달하는 출력축(40)을 포함하는 하이브리드 자동차의 동력전달구조로서, 상기 모터(20)는 엔진(10)과 평행하게 배치되며, 상기 출력축(40)은 모터(30)의 중앙부위를 관통하여 변속기(30)와 연결되고, 상기 모터(20)와 변속기(30) 사이의 출력축(40)에는 듀얼클러치로서의 제1클러치(110)가 마련되고, 상기 제1클러치(110)와 변속기(20) 사이에는 출력축(40)을 통해 전달되는 동력을 단속하는 제2클러치(130)가 마련되는 것을 특징으로 하는 하이브리드 자동차의 동력전달구조를 제공한다.
id-US9761065B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a regenerative braking system, which may include an electric machine, configured to provide regenerative braking torque to vehicle traction wheels. The vehicle further includes at least one controller configured to provide indicia for display to indicate performance of the regenerative braking system. The indicia represent a comparison of a braking profile that is recorded during a deceleration event and a calculated braking profile that is based on a detected forward object. In various embodiments, the indicia may include a numerical or letter grade representative of a similarity between the recorded braking profile and the calculated braking profile and/or a visual representation of the comparison of the recorded braking profile and the calculated braking profile.
id-EP3069918A1    abstract-Gegenstand der vorliegenden Erfindung ist eine Anordnung für eine Bremsenergierückspeisung eines Fahrzeugs, aufweisend: ein erstes Fahrzeug, das geeignet ist, beim Bremsen elektrische Energie in eine Fahrleitung zurückzuspeisen; einen Leistungsschalter für ein Verbinden eines Energieversorgungsnetzes mit der Fahrleitung, und eine Schutzeinrichtung für ein Öffnen des Leistungsschalters in dem Fall, dass die beim Bremsen des Fahrzeugs zurück gespeiste elektrische Energie in das Energieversorgungsnetz fließt, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass das erste Fahrzeug geeignet ist, erste Fahrzeuginformationen an die Schutzeinrichtung zu übermitteln, und die Schutzeinrichtung geeignet ist, anhand der ersten Fahrzeuginformationen eine Rückspeisung von elektrischer Energie in das Energieversorgungsnetz zu erkennen.      Ferner ist Gegenstand der vorliegenden Erfindung ein Verfahren für eine Bremsenergierückspeisung eines Fahrzeugs mittels einer erfindungsgemäßen Anordnung.
id-US20160264077A1    abstract-A system for optimizing energy efficiency in an electrified vehicle includes an HVAC system configured to provide climate control for at least one of (i) a cabin of the electrified vehicle and (ii) a battery system of the electrified vehicle; a regenerative braking system configured to convert the electrified vehicle's kinetic energy into electrical energy; and a controller configured to, based on a vehicle torque request, control a distribution of the electrical energy generated by the regenerative braking system between (i) recharging a battery system of the electrified vehicle and (ii) powering the HVAC system. A method for controlling the HVAC system includes determining, at the controller of the electrified vehicle, the vehicle torque request, and based on the vehicle torque request, controlling, by the controller, the distribution of electrical energy generated by a regenerative braking system between (i) recharging the battery system and (ii) powering the HVAC system.
id-CN107406010A    abstract-本发明提供能够提高赋予减速扭矩时的跟踪性能的车辆控制装置以及车辆控制方法。在本发明的车辆控制装置中，基于加速操作状态和前轮滑移角来算出车辆产生的减速扭矩。具体地，当在滑行扭矩作用时变为转弯状态的情况下，通过以使滑行扭矩的绝对值变小的方式进行修正，来提高跟踪性能以及驾驶性能。
id-EP3276216B1    abstract-
id-US10577087B2    abstract-An electric hydraulic motor system for aircraft having at least a taxing and takeoff mode. While in the taxiing and takeoff mode, a battery and optionally other sources of energy stored within the aircraft together provide energy to drive an electric motor, which in turn drives a hydraulic pump creating hydraulic pressure within the aircraft hydraulic system. The increase in hydraulic pressure within the system actuates a hydraulic motor connected to the aircraft wheels, thereby providing rotation to the wheels of the aircraft, moving the aircraft forward.
id-CN106004459B    abstract-公开了一种用于控制车辆中的再生制动的系统和方法，其中，所述车辆具有电动马达和变矩器离合器，所述方法可包括至少部分基于马达的转速和变矩器离合器的打滑执行再生制动扭矩请求的步骤。可向马达发送至少部分基于马达的减速度的马达扭矩命令并使用该马达扭矩命令来控制马达。
id-WO2016139648A1    abstract-The electric motorcycle (M) comprises a support frame, a rear wheel (RW), a front wheel (FW), an electric propulsion motor (E), an electronic control unit (2) for driving the electric motor (E) and a wheel anti-lock system (1) operatively connected to the control unit (2), the system (1) having detection means (18) of a slippage condition (SLP) of at least one of the wheels (RW, FW) and limiting means (19) operatively connected to the detecting means (18), able to receive at input at least a maximum regeneration torque value (RTMAX) of the electric motor (E) of the electric motorcycle (M) and able to limit the maximum regeneration torque (RTMAX) in case of detection of the slippage condition (SLP), wherein the system (1) comprises verification means (20) of the friction conditions of the wheels (RW, FW) on the road surface, in order to verify the presence or not of a high friction condition (HIGH MU) or a low friction condition (LOW MU), wherein the limiting means (19) are operatively connected to the verification means (20) and, in case of detection of the slippage condition (SLP), are able to limit the maximum regeneration torque (RTMAX) according to the high friction (HIGH MU) or low friction (LOW MU) condition, and wherein the verification means (20) of the friction conditions comprise: a first detection unit (35) able to detect the high friction condition (HIGH MU) according to at least an acceleration value (AV ACC), a pressure value (PI) of a front brake of the electric motorcycle (M) and an instantaneous torque value (T IN) of the electric motor (E); a second detection unit (36) able to detect the low friction condition (LOW MU) according to at least a pressure value (PI) of a front brake of the electric motorcycle (M) and an instantaneous torque value (T IN) of the electric motor (E)-
id-KR20160109574A    abstract-가선 전압에 비하여 상대적으로 낮은 정격 내압의 전력변환 모듈인 복수의 회생 컨버터 모듈을 이용하여 구성된 회생 에너지 전력변환장치를 제공한다.  회생 에너지를 회수하여 전력저장장치에 저장하는 회생 에너지 전력변환장치는, 가선전압을 분배하도록 직렬 연결된 복수의 전압분배 유닛을 포함하는 분배부와, 복수의 전압분배 유닛에 각각 연결되어, 분배된 복수의 분배 전압에 대응하는 전력을 각각 회생 에너지로 변환하는 복수의 회생 컨버터 모듈을 각각 포함하는 하나 이상의 회생 컨버터 유닛을 포함한다.
id-DE102016105399A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug und ein Verfahren zum Steuern von Rekuperationsbremsung können das maximal verfügbare Rekuperationsbremsmoment für eine gewisse Zeit während eines Bremsereignisses nutzen. Während die Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeit und/oder das Antriebsstrangdrehmoment abnehmen, wird das Rekuperationsbremsmoment gesteuert, vom Maximum abzuweichen. Der Punkt, bei dem die Rekuperationsbremsung vom Maximum abweicht, wird basierend auf dem Niveau der Fahrzeugverlangsamung ausgewählt. Die Rekuperationsbremsung wird dann gleichförmig herausgenommen, bis sie null erreicht. Das Rekuperationsbremsmoment wird auf null gebracht, wenn die Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeit sehr niedrig ist, wodurch die Ineffizienzen, die mit dem Betrieb eines Motors bei einer sehr niedrigen Drehzahl assoziiert sind, eliminiert werden.
id-KR20160116583A    abstract-연료전지 차량의 비상운전 제어 시스템 및 그 방법이 개시된다.  본 발명의 실시 예에 따른, 연료전지의 전압 및 구동모터의 회생제동에 의해 발생된 전압을 충전하는 수퍼커패시터, 상기 회생제동에 의한 과전압 방지를 위해 상기 수퍼커패시터로 공급되는 전류량을 조절하는 초퍼 및 과전압 회생제동전류를 소모하는 제동저항이 구비된 연료전지 차량의 비상운전 제어 시스템은, 상기 초퍼와 수퍼커패시터 사이의 전류 흐름을 연결 또는 차단하는 차단 릴레이; 상기 연료전지 및 구동모터와 연결된 파워 라인과 상기 수퍼커패시터 사이의 전류 흐름을 연결하는 연결 릴레이; 일단이 구동 모터가 연결된 접지 라인으로부터 분기된 라인에 연결되고, 타단이 제동저항과 초퍼 사이에 연결되는 비상운전 릴레이; 및 상기 초퍼의 단락 발생 시 상기 차단 릴레이를 오프(OFF) 및 연결 릴레이를 온(ON)으로 제어하고, 상기 비상운전 릴레이를 통해 상기 제동저항을 연결하여 회생제동전류를 소모시키는 비상운전 모드로 제어하는 파워 시스템 제어기를 포함한다.
id-KR101541711B1    abstract-본 발명은 모터에서 생성된 동력을 이용하며 회생제동을 수행하도록 이루어지는 차량 및 그것의 제동 제어 방법에 관한 것으로, 모터에서 생성된 동력을 이용하며 회생제동을 수행하도록 이루어지는 차량의 제동 제어 방법에 있어서, 제동 명령을 수신하는 단계, 상기 제동 명령에 응답하여 상기 차량에 구비된 배터리의 상태를 측정하는 단계 및 상기 측정된 배터리의 상태에 근거하여 선택적으로 상기 회생제동을 이용하거나 상기 차량에 구비된 제동저항을 이용하여 제동을 수행하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-DE202015001648U1    abstract-Steuerung von elektrisch betriebenen Motoren durch pulsierende Krafteinwirkung des Nutzers als Antriebssteuerung = Impulssteuerung
id-RU2587207C1    abstract-Изобретение относится к электрическим тяговым системам транспортных средств. Электропривод содержит, по крайней мере, один электродвигатель и один преобразователь, выполненный на двух последовательно соединенных управляемых полупроводниковых ключах, шунтированных обратными диодами. При этом электродвигатель подсоединен между общей точкой управляемых полупроводниковых ключей преобразователя и одним из выводов источника питания через конденсаторный накопитель. Конденсаторный накопитель зашунтирован диодом, пропускающим ток в двигательном режиме работы электропривода. Технический результат заключается в повышении энергетической эффективности электропривода. 3 ил.
id-KR20160114242A    abstract-본 발명은 골프카용 에너지 저장 장치에 관한 것으로, 축전지부의 전력 또는 수퍼커패시터 모듈부의 전력을 골프카의 전동기에 공급하는 동시에 상기 골프카의 감속 시 회생 제동에 의해 발생하는 전력을 상기 축전지부 또는 상기 수퍼커패시터 모듈부에 되돌리는 DC 링크, 상기 DC 링크에 전기적으로 연결되어 충전 및 방전을 수행하는 축전지부, 상기 DC 링크에 전기적으로 연결되어 충전 및 방전을 수행하며 상기 축전지부에 전기적으로 병렬 연결되는 수퍼커패시터 모듈부, 및 상기 DC 링크의 전압이 상기 수퍼커패시터 모듈부의 전압을 초과하면 상기 수퍼커패시터 모듈부가 우선 충전되도록 하고, 상기 DC 링크의 전압이 상기 수퍼커패시터 모듈부의 전압보다 낮고 상기 축전지부(120)의 전압보다 높으면 상기 축전지부에 충전되도록 하며, 상기 DC 링크의 전압이 상기 축전지부의 전압보다 낮아지면 상기 수퍼커패시터 모듈부와 상기 축전지부가 동시에 상기 DC 링크를 통해 상기 전동기에 전력을 공급하게 하는 제어부를 포함한다.
id-US20180097456A1    abstract-A circuit and a method operate an electrical machine connected to at least three phases of a power supply network through a frequency converter that has a DC link. By a synchronous inverter that is actuated by a DC chopper and has two bridge halves switching the positive and the negative half-waves respectively, the energy generated by the machine is fed back into the power supply network. Accordingly, the synchronous inverter has an asymmetrical configuration such that, to switch the potential tapped from the DC link by the DC chopper, switching is carried out by a first bridge half that is formed from thyristors as electronic switches, and such that the second bridge half contains reverse-blocking electronic switches able to be switched off.
id-US10245972B2    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-US10118505B2    abstract-A power control system may include at least one of batteries, a motor, and a data logic analyzer that can interpret certain variable conditions of a transport, such as a tractor trailer, moving along a road or highway. The data can be used to determine when to apply supplemental power to the wheels of a trailer to reduce fuel usage. One example device may include at least one of: a power creation module that generates electrical power, a battery which store the electrical power, a motor affixed to a trailer axle of a trailer which provides a turning force to the trailer axle when enabled to operate from the stored electrical power of the battery, and a motor controller configured to initiate the motor to operate according to a predefined sensor condition.
id-US11072253B2    abstract-The disclosure relates to a power circuit for power supply in an electrically driven vehicle. The power circuit includes a direct voltage connection, an electrical traction drive, and a DC/AC converter. The converter includes an alternating voltage side connected to the traction drive. A DC/DC converter of the power circuit includes two converter sides. The first converter side is connected to a direct voltage side of the DC/AC converter via a coupling point. The direct voltage connection is likewise connected to the coupling point. The disclosure further relates to a stationary energy supply system designed to be complementary and to connect to the power circuit.
id-US9783262B2    abstract-A lightweight, compact electric drive unit provides high reduction ratios for a bicycle, light electric vehicle or autonomous device. A cycloid gear reducer includes one or more cycloid gears within a housing. The cycloid gears interact with gear teeth on the inside surface of the housing, and ride on a cam shaft having eccentric lobes. Output pins extend through apertures in the cycloid gears, from an input carrier to an output carrier. An electric motor powers the cam shaft, while the output carrier powers a drive train.
id-CN105197840B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于工业车辆的电控液压驱动系统，只用一台电动机、一台微机控制器带动变量泵作变频调速，将液压油箱内的液压油输送给行走机构、倾斜机构、提升机构、转向机构、动能回收机构、位能回收机构和行走限速机构，在车辆行走、倾斜、提升和转向动作的同时，实现动能回收、重载位能回收以及空载和轻载的卸荷；通过行走限速机构，限制车速，使车辆行走平稳；在溜坡、制动时，液压系统能够自动补油；车辆爬坡时，变量泵根据负载压力调定值进行自动变量，达到低速大扭矩爬坡功能，且爬坡电流低。电动机由永磁无刷电机、变频控制器和变量柱塞泵组成，零电流启动至负载电流，启动时间在毫米级范围，不存在启动大电流，节约能源。
id-US10744888B2    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-JP7216152B2    abstract-
id-US20160315521A1    abstract-Manual drive energy is input into a transport device of one embodiment by linearly reciprocating a first drive member that couples by way of a ratchet mechanism (or other mechanical motion rectifier means) and a mechanical motion amplifier means to one or more faster spinning flywheel masses. The one or more flywheel masses are formed in part by a combination electric motor/generator and it has rechargeable electric batteries distributively provided about a flywheel mass portion thereof. Tapered roller bearings having ferromagnetic material are interposed between the one or more flywheel masses and/or between one of the flywheels and a stationary frame of the transport device so as to repeatedly make and break closed magnetic flux conducting loops and thus provide at least one of an electric motoring and electricity generating function.
id-US20160311325A1    abstract-A hybrid/electric vehicle power management system in which an Inertial Storage and Recovery System (INSTAR) utilizes an enhanced Flywheel Energy Storage (FES) system to reach higher vehicle efficiencies. INSTAR allows regenerative braking energy surges to be readily stored at high efficiency on the flywheel, whose energy is then converted to power for driving the motors, or charging the batteries at an efficient charging rate.
id-US9868364B2    abstract-An apparatus and a method of controlling creep driving of an electric vehicle are provided to improve driving convenience and fuel efficiency. The apparatus is applied to an electric vehicle to which a ‘one-foot drive’ mode is applied to execute the creep driving and actively determine whether the creep driving is provided based on a vehicle speed.
id-DE102015105331A1    abstract-Erfindungsgemäß soll eine effiziente Steuerstrategie für einen Elektromotorroller angegeben werden. Diese Aufgabe wird durch einen Motorroller mit den folgenden Merkmalen gelöst: – mindestens einen elektrischen Antrieb (40); – mindestens eine elektrische Batterie (60); – mindestens eine Betätigungseinheit, insbesondere einen Daumenhebel (31), wobei die Betätigungseinheit derart ausgebildet ist, dass die Betätigungseinheit entlang einer Betätigungsgesamtstrecke (sGes) in sich unterscheidende Positionen (P) bringbar ist; – eine Steuerung, die dazu ausgebildet ist, – die Position (P) der Betätigungseinheit zu erfassen; – in Abhängigkeit von der erfassten Position, aus einer Menge von Fahrmodi einen Fahrmodus auszuwählen und den ausgewählten Fahrmodus einzustellen, wobei die Fahrmodi umfassen: a) Rekuperationsmodus; b) Gleitmodus; c) Beschleunigungsmodus, wobei die Steuerung (300) beim Einstellen des Rekuperationsmodus den elektrischen Antrieb derart steuert, dass in dem elektrischen Antrieb (40) erzeugte Energie zumindest teilweise an die Batterie (60) abgegeben wird.
id-KR101655665B1    abstract-본 발명은 회생제동모드 시 가변 전압의 제어를 위한 진입 여부를 판단할 경우에 고전압 배터리 SOC에 따른 제어 입력 변수를 추가하여 주행모드 중 회생제동모드 단계에 진입 및 해제를 효율적으로 판단할 수 있는 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동모드 시 LDC 가변 전압의 제어 시스템 및 방법을 제공한다. 본 발명의 일실시예에 따른 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동모드 시 LDC 가변 전압의 제어 방법은 모터의 구동값, 고전압 배터리 SOC 및 저전압 배터리 SOC를 이용하여 회생제동모드 시 가변 전압의 제어를 위한 진입 여부를 판단하는 단계, 상기 가변 전압의 제어를 위한 진입 여부에 따라 LDC의 가변 전압값을 결정하는 단계 및 상기 LDC 가변 전압값을 출력하는 단계를 포함한다.
id-CN106064563B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于车辆的控制装置以及用于车辆的控制方法。ECU(300)根据电流传感器(254)的检测值IB计算向电池(250)的输入电流的限制目标值Itag。当检测值IB超过限制目标值Itag时，ECU(300)计算基于限制目标值Itag对电池(250)充电时电池(250)的电压值Vtag，从限制目标值Itag和电压值Vtag计算对电池(250)的充电电力的基本电力Winb，及当差值(Itag‑IB)增大时，或当车速减小量ΔV和在检测值IB超过限制目标值Itag时的充电电力PB中的至少一者增加时，将再生限制率P设定为较高值，该再生限制率P是再生制动中的允许充电电力值Win的每单位时间变化量。
id-KR101832841B1    abstract-본 발명은 전기 차량(Electric Veicle)용 통합형 모터 구동회로에 관한 것으로, 상용전원에 의한 충전, 충전 전원을 이용한 주행 및 회생 제동시의 충전 회로를 일체로 제공하는 통합형 모터 구동회로에 관한 것이다. 특히, 본 발명은 이상과 같이 여러 회로를 하나의 전력단으로 통합시 전력 소자를 공유하여 소자 수를 줄임으로써 구동회로의 제조비용을 낮춤은 물론 크기 역시 줄여서 휴대성을 좋게 하는 통합형 모터 구동회로에 관한 것이다.
id-DE102016106110B4    abstract-Fahrzeugsteuerung, mit:einer Regenerationssteuerungseinheit (42), die dazu konfiguriert ist, eine Regenerationssteuerung bezüglich eines Fahrzeugs (10) durchzuführen, wenn sich das Fahrzeug (10) in einem Zustand mit abgeschaltetem Beschleuniger befindet;einer Haltepositionsbeschaffungseinheit (43), die dazu konfiguriert ist, eine Halteposition (Ps) des Fahrzeugs (10) von Kartendaten (34) zu beschaffen; undeiner Regenerationsverbesserungszoneneinstelleinheit (44), die dazu konfiguriert ist, eine Regenerationsverbesserungszone (Pr-Ps) vor der Halteposition (Ps) einzustellen, wobeidie Regenerationssteuerungseinheit (42) dazu konfiguriert ist, eine Regenerationsverbesserungssteuerung durchzuführen, die einen regenerativen elektrischen Leistungsbetrag des Fahrzeugs (10) erhöht, wenn sich das Fahrzeug (10) in dem Zustand mit abgeschaltetem Beschleuniger befindet und sich in der Regenerationsverbesserungszone (Pr-Ps) befindet,die Regenerationssteuerungseinheit (42) dazu konfiguriert ist, eine Freilaufsteuerung durchzuführen, die einen Freilauf des Fahrzeugs (10) steuert, so dass der regenerative elektrische Leistungsbetrag verringert wird, wenn sich das Fahrzeug (10) in dem Zustand mit abgeschaltetem Beschleuniger befindet und eine Freilaufbedingung erfüllt, unddie Regenerationssteuerungseinheit (42) dazu konfiguriert ist, wenn eine Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeit (Voff), die erhalten wird, wenn ein Beschleuniger (23) des Fahrzeugs freigegeben wird, größer als eine Geschwindigkeit (Vs) ist, bei der das Fahrzeug an der Halteposition (Ps) angehalten werden kann, eine Freilaufverhinderungszone (Pfp-Pr), in der eine direkte Änderung von der Freilaufsteuerung zu der Regenerationsverbesserungssteuerung verhindert wird, zwischen einem Startpunkt (Pr) der Regenerationsverbesserungszone (Pr-Ps) und einer Position (Pfp), die sich vor und um eine Bestimmungsentfernung (DL) von dem Startpunkt (Pr) entfernt befindet, einzustellen,wobei in der Freilaufverhinderungszone, die Steuerungseinheit (42) die Regenerationssteuerung durchführt, um eine Verlangsamungsrate des Fahrzeugs zu erhalten, die größer ist als die, die durch die Freilaufsteuerung erhalten wird.
id-US20160318402A1    abstract-A retarder brake system of a vehicle combination including an agricultural tractor and an electrically driven trailer includes a drive train with a combustion engine, a vehicle transmission downstream from the combustion engine, a mechanical drive axle of the agricultural tractor connected to a first gear output of the transmission, a first electrical motor generator unit coupled to a second gear output, and an electrical drive axle of the trailer. The electrical drive axle is driven by means of a second electrical motor generator unit. The generator units are electrically connected with one another via a direct current link. In a retarder operation, the second electrical motor unit is operated with a generator and the first electrical generator unit is operated with a motor. At least part of the gross retarder output requested on the electrical drive axle is dissipatively destroyed as a power loss within the drive train.
id-AT517153B1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Schienenfahrzeug (5) zum Transport eines metallurgischen Behälters (3). Das Schienenfahrzeug (5) umfasst einen Antriebsstrang (10) mit einem elektrischen Antriebsmotor (11) zum Antrieb des Schienenfahrzeugs (5), einen Akkumulator (13) und ein unterbrechungsfreies Stromversorgungsmodul (15), über das der Akkumulator (13) aufladbar ist und der Antriebsmotor (11) durch den Akkumulator (13) mit elektrischer Energie versorgbar ist.
id-CN104802785B    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于汽车制动能量回收的控制系统，其特征在于：所述的控制系统在制动踏板踩下后真空助力器放大踏板力，制动主缸和制动轮缸开始工作输出液压制动力；同时制动主缸和制动轮缸的压力传感器将当前压力传递给制动能量回收控制器，制动能量回收控制器根据当前液压制动力控制汽车的电制动力，液压制动力减小值等于电制动力的增大值，保持总制动力不变。由于采用上述的结构，本发明实现对汽车液压制动力与电制动力的控制与调配，使其相互配合达到最佳效果，在满足汽车能量回收的同时兼顾车辆的舒适性，同时保证车辆具有足够的制动力，确保汽车的安全性。
id-KR20160127195A    abstract-본 발명은 복수의 병렬 피더블유엠 정류기를 이용하는 급전시스템에 관한 것으로서, 교류전력의 전압을 변압하는 변압기, 상기 변압기가 변압한 교류전력을 직류전력으로 정류하여 부하에 공급하는 컨버터 및 상기 컨버터의 동작을 제어하는 제어부를 포함하되, 상기 컨버터는, 상호 병렬연결된 복수의 피더블유엠(PWM, Pulse Width Modulation) 정류기로 구성되고, 상기 제어부는, 상기 컨버터의 출력단에서 출력되는 전압이 기 설정된 값으로 출력되도록 제어하고, 상기 복수의 피더블유엠 정류기 각각이 서로 다른 위상에서 스위칭 동작을 수행하도록 제어하며, 상기 컨버터가 고장 난 경우, 상기 고장난 컨버터가 정지되도록 제어하고, 상기 복수의 피더블유엠 정류기 중 일부가 고장 난 경우, 상기 컨버터가 고장 난 피더블유엠 정류기를 제외하고 작동하도록, 상기 고장 난 피더블유엠 정류기의 병렬연결을 해제하도록 제어하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-FR3035362A1    abstract-L'invention concerne un système (1) pour véhicule automobile, ce système comportant : - un composant électrique (2) agencé pour être alimenté suivant une première tension, - deux dispositifs de stockage d'énergie électrique (3, 4) connectés en série, l'un de ces dispositifs de stockage présentant à ses bornes la première tension (U1) et agencé pour alimenter le composant.
id-KR20160126749A    abstract-본 발명은 버스, 트럭, 산업설비 등에 설치되어 고속구간에서는 제동력 및 회생전력을 발생하고 저속구간에서는 차량의 배터리로부터 전력을 공급 받아 제동성능을 향상시킬 수 있는 회생 제동 장치에 관한 것으로, 복수의 자기 코일과 커패시터로 이루어진 공진회로부(10)가 구비된 고정자와, 상기 고정자에 대해 회전 운동이 이루어지는 환형의 스틸 회전체를 포함하여 상기 공진회로부에 인가되는 전원을 제어하여 상기 스틸 회전체에 발생되는 와전류에 의해 상기 스틸 회전체의 제동력을 발생시키는 것으로써, 배터리(110)와; 제1작동신호에 의해 상기 배터리에서 상기 공진회로부(10)로 인가되는 전원을 단속하는 제1스위칭부(120)와; 상기 배터리(110)와 상기 제1스위칭부(120) 사이에 마련된 전원안정부(130)와; 상기 배터리(110)와 상기 전원안정부(130) 사이에 마련되는 강압 변환회로부(141)(142)와; 제2작동신호에 의해 상기 전원안정부(130)와 상기 강압 변환회로부(141)(142) 사이의 전기적 연결을 단속하는 제2스위칭부(151)(152)와; 상기 제1,2스위칭부(120)(151)(152)의 각 작동신호를 발생시키는 제어기(200);를 포함한다.
id-US9702718B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes one or more processors, a memory, an engine, a battery, and a motor. The motor is configured to utilize electrical energy stored in the battery for powering a movement of the wheels or an operation of the hybrid vehicle. A memory stores route data and corresponding vehicle operation data. The one or more processors predict, based on the route data, that the hybrid vehicle will travel on a second route after travelling on a first route. The one or more processors predict, based on the vehicle operation data, that the state of charge (SOC) of the battery will reach or exceed a threshold value during the second route. The one or more processors set a target SOC for the battery. The one or more processors discharge the electrical energy stored in the battery during the first route based on the target SOC value.
id-CN106143484B    abstract-提供了一种混合动力车辆及加热发动机冷却液的方法，所述车辆包括发动机、电机、电加热器和控制器。电机被配置成能够通过再生制动对电池再充电。电加热器被配置成能够加热发动机冷却液。控制器被配置成能够响应于发动机冷却液温度低于阈值而将再生制动功率重新分配给电加热器。
id-US20160336624A1    abstract-An automotive battery system includes: a first battery pack including a plurality of first battery cells connected in series; and a second battery pack connected in parallel with the first battery pack. The second battery pack includes: n second battery cells connected in series; n voltage sensitive switching devices each connected to a corresponding second battery cell of the n second battery cells; and n balancing resistors each connected in parallel to the corresponding second battery cell through the n voltage sensitive switching devices. Each of the voltage sensitive switching devices is turned on when the corresponding second battery cell of the n second battery cells has a cell voltage higher than a reference voltage.
id-EP3296142B1    abstract-
id-CN106167017B    abstract-提供一种车辆及其控制方法。一种车辆包括配置用于提供驱动扭矩的动力源、前桥、后桥以及配置用于从动力源在前桥和后桥之间分配驱动扭矩的分动箱。车辆另外地包括设置在前桥和分动箱之间的离合器。离合器具有分离状态和驱动地连接分动箱和前桥的接合状态。车辆还包括配置用于响应于制动请求而将再生制动扭矩提供至后桥的再生制动系统。车辆进一步包括控制器。控制器配置用于响应于制动请求和离合器处于分离状态而控制离合器转换成接合状态，以将再生制动系统连接至前桥并且将再生制动扭矩提供至前桥。
id-KR101833190B1    abstract-발전기와, 발전기의 발전 전력을 충방전 가능한 제1 축전 수단과, 발전 전력을 충방전 가능한 제2 축전 수단과, 제1 축전 수단과 제2 축전 수단을 연결하는 2개의 경로와, 하나의 경로의 도통 상태와 비도통 상태를 전환하는 제1 스위치와, 다른 쪽 경로의 도통 상태와 비도통 상태를 전환하는 제2 스위치와, 전환 수단과, 전환 수단에 대하여 제1 축전 수단측 또는 제2 축전 수단측에 접속되며, 자동 재시동 시에 엔진을 시동시키는 엔진 재시동 수단과, 전환 수단에 대하여 제1 축전 수단측에 접속된 차량의 전장 부하와, 제1 스위치 및 제2 스위치의 온ㆍ오프 제어를 행하는 제어 수단을 구비하고, 제어 수단은, 아이들 스톱으로부터의 자동 재시동의 개시 단계를 제외한 상기 엔진의 운전 중 및 아이들 스톱 중에 있어서 제1 스위치 및 제2 스위치의 양쪽을 도통 상태로 한다.
id-US20170328959A1    abstract-A vehicle system includes a high voltage battery and at least one control module configured to monitor the high voltage battery and command a visual warning in response to a disconnect event of the high voltage battery. The visual warning may be produced by a hazard light.
id-DE102016005174A1    abstract-Fahrradmotorsteuersystem, ausgestaltet zum Steuern eines Antriebsmotors, welcher bereitgestellt ist/wird an einem Fahrrad, umfasst einen Steuerer, ausgestaltet zum Steuern eines Antriebsmotors, welcher ausgestaltet ist/wird zum selektiven Ausgeben einer Antriebskraft gemäß einer Muskelantriebskraft, sowie zum Bewirken eines Stoppens des Antriebsmotors, wenn eine detektierte Muskelantriebskraft, erfasst durch einen Muskelantriebskraftsensor, unter einen vorbestimmten Kraftschwellenwert fällt, welcher eingestellt ist/wird gemäß einem Kurbelwinkel einer Kurbelwelle.
id-EP3303044B1    abstract-
id-CN106167021B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于在混合动力车辆中回收能量的方法，该混合动力车辆包括内燃机和电机，且具有包括储能装置的车载电气系统，储能装置可在回收操作期间通过电机充电能。本发明还涉及一种用于控制混合动力车辆中的回收操作的设备。根据该方法，如果储能装置(9)的实际能量水平(E_act)低于或等于阈值(E_3)，则电机的回收操作的回收功率(P_act)设置为允许以电机的最大发电机能力的回收操作的第一值(P_max)。然而，如果储能装置(9)的实际能量水平(E_act)大于阈值(E_3)，则用于回收操作的回收功率(P_act)设置为低于第一值(P_max)且允许以电机(10)的降低的发电机能力的回收操作的第二值(P_lim)。
id-US10053184B2    abstract-A bicycle motor control system, configured to control a drive motor that is provided on a bicycle, comprises a controller configured to control a drive motor that is configured to selectively output driving force in accordance with a manual drive force, and cause the drive motor to stop when a detected manual drive force, sensed by a manual drive force sensor, falls below a predetermined force threshold value, which is set in accordance with a crank angle of a crankshaft.
id-DE102015006416A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Schaltungsanordnung zum Entladen eines Energiespeichers eines Kraftfahrzeugs. Die Schaltungsanordnung umfasst einen Energiespeicher (2) für elektrische Energie, der zur Versorgung einer elektrischen Maschine eines Kraftfahrzeugs vorgesehen ist, und eine Entladeschaltung (1), die über den Energiespeicher mit Spannung versorgt ist und einen Entladewiderstand (3), ein Spannungsvergleichsglied (4) und eine Aktivierungsschaltvorrichtung (5) aufweist. Die Aktivierungsschaltvorrichtung (5) ist eingerichtet, nach Ablauf einer Latenzphase seit einem Abstellen des Kraftfahrzeugs einen Entladevorgang des Energiespeichers (2) über den Entladewiderstand (3) zu starten, und/oder die Aktivierungseinrichtung wird nach Ablauf der Latenzphase getriggert, den Entladevorgang des Energiespeichers (2) über den Entladewiderstand (3) zu starten. Das Spannungsvergleichsglied ist eingerichtet, einen Spannungsvergleich zwischen einer aktuellen Energiespeicherspannung und einem Spannungsschwellenwert vorzunehmen und den Entladevorgang des Energiespeichers zu beenden, wenn bei dem Spannungsvergleich die aktuelle Energiespeicherspannung kleiner gleich dem Spannungsschwellenwert ist.
id-US9481252B1    abstract-Systems and methods are disclosed for reducing engine fuel consumption during regenerative braking. According to certain embodiments, the regenerative braking system has an engine, a generator, a rectifier, a first inverter, a traction motor, and a reverse recovery unit. The generator is configured to be driven by the engine to produce AC electrical power. The rectifier is configured to receive AC electrical power from the generator and convert the AC power to DC power. The first inverter is configured to receive the DC power and convert the DC power to AC power. The traction motor is configured to be driven by the AC power in a traction mode, and to produce regenerated power when rotated in reverse in a regenerative braking mode. The reverse recovery unit has a second inverter and a filter. The second inverter is electrically connected in parallel with the rectifier and configured to communicate at least part of the regenerated power from the traction motor to the generator during the regenerative braking mode. The filter is electrically connected downstream of the second inverter and in parallel with the rectifier. The filter is configured to filter transient voltage generated by the second inverter during the regenerative braking mode.
id-KR101646463B1    abstract-본 발명은 하이브리드 차량용 동력 전달 시스템에 관한 것으로서, 더욱 상세하게는 2개의 모터 및 엔진을 포함하는 동력 전달 시스템을 구축하되, 모터의 용량을 감소시킬 수 있는 구조로 새롭게 개선시킨 하이브리드 차량용 동력 전달 시스템에 관한 것이다. 즉, 본 발명은 엔진 및 1개의 모터만을 이용하여, 고효율 EV 모드 / 엔진 및 모터 병렬 HEV 모드 / 엔진 직결 모드 등 여러가지 주행 모드를 고효율로 구현할 수 있고, 2개 모터를 이용하는 것에 비하여 제조비용을 절감할 수 있는 새로운 구조의 하이브리드 차량용 동력 전달 시스템을 제공하고자 한 것이다.
id-CN105015532A    abstract-本发明提供一种用于车辆的制动系统，包括制动踏板、第一直线电磁驱动器、第二直线电磁驱动器以及制动主缸。第一直线电磁驱动器作为车辆制动的增压驱动器，设置在制动通路中，用于响应于驾驶者对制动踏板的操作产生推动制动主缸的活塞运动的推力，该推力被施加到所述制动主缸的活塞上使其运动而产生所需的制动力；第二直线电磁驱动器作为车辆制动的制动感觉模拟机构，设置在制动通路中，并且更加接近所述制动踏板，用于响应于驾驶者对制动踏板的操作产生阻碍制动踏板前进的阻抗力，该阻抗力被施加到所述制动踏板上；所述制动踏板与所述第一直线电磁驱动器之间形成机械解耦。利用本发明的制动系统，可提高整个制动系统的可靠性和制动安全性，防止因为直线电磁驱动器的失效而带来的制动安全问题。
id-KR20160131439A    abstract-본 발명은 전기자동차의 주차 브레이크 시스템에 관한 것으로서, 전기자동차를 구동하는 3상 모터, 그리고 전기자동차의 변속 레버가 P의 위치에 있고 시동이 오프 상태이면 모터의 3상을 단락시키는 단락 스위치를 포함한다.  본 발명에 의하면 구동 모터로 사용되는 3상 모터를 이용함으로써 전기자동차의 주차 브레이크 시스템을 제공할 수 있다.
id-KR20160133765A    abstract-본 발명은 작업기계의 제동 시스템 및 제동 방법에 관한 것으로서, 본 발명의 작업기계의 제동 시스템은, 엔진의 동력을 바퀴에 전달하는 구동축에 장착되는 정유압무단변속기; 상기 정유압무단변속기 후단의 구동축에 구비되는 사이드 브레이크; 상기 정유압무단변속기에 연결되는 플라이휠; 브레이크 페달을 누르면, 작업장치의 제1 작업 종류에 따라 상기 사이드 브레이크에 의한 제동이 이루어지게 하고, 상기 바퀴의 회전력에 의해 생산되는 회생제동 에너지를 상기 플라이휠에 저장하게 하는 작업 감지부를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다. 본 발명에 따른 작업기계의 제동 시스템 및 제동 방법은, 미세 조정이 필요 없는 작업 시에 브레이크 페달을 작동하더라도 사이드 브레이크에 의한 제동이 이루어지도록 함으로써, 작업하는 동안에도 바퀴의 회전력을 플라이휠에 저장하고, 저장된 에너지를 작업기계의 가속과 발진 시에 사용할 수 있어, 에너지 효율을 극대화 시킬 수 있다.
id-US20150244290A1    abstract-The present disclosure is related to a method for regenerative braking of a machine. The machine includes an electric drive assembly. The electric drive assembly includes a generator, a motor and a direct current bus and a regenerative brake assembly disposed between them. The regenerative braking assembly includes an inverter. The method includes connecting a phase leg between the direct current bus and the inverter. The phase leg includes an inductor and an electric switch. The phase leg boosts the regenerative voltage. The boosted regenerative voltage is then fed back to control a braking torque from the motor and directed back to the generator.
id-DE202015003269U1    abstract-Elektrisches Antriebsystem für ein Kraftfahrzeug umfassend eine Batterie, zumindest einen Elektromotor und einen Elektrogenerator, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass – eine Autobatterie (1) mit einem für den Antrieb eines Elektrogenerators (3) ausgelegten Elektromotor (2) elektrisch verbunden ist und diesem Strom zuführt, – wobei dieser Elektrogenerator (3) sowohl mit dem eigentlichen das Kraftfahrzeug antreibenden Autoelektromotor (4) als auch mit der Autobatterie (1) elektrisch verbunden ist und diesen sowohl Betriebs- als auch Ladestrom zuführt.
id-DE112015006519T5    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Fahrzeugbatteriesystem, insbesondere für elektrische oder Hybridfahrzeuge. Das Batteriesystem weist einen Metall-Sauerstoff-Batteriepack auf, der dazu eingerichtet ist, elektrische Leistung abzugeben, einen Gasvorratsbehälter, der dazu eingerichtet ist, sauerstoffhaltiges Gas zu bevorraten und der mit dem Batteriepack in Wirkverbindung steht, um an diesen Batteriepack sauerstoffhaltiges Gas zu liefern, und ein Gasreinigungsgerät, das dazu eingerichtet ist, sauerstoffhaltiges Gas zu empfangen, insbesondere Umgebungsluft, um dieses Gas von Verunreinigungen zu reinigen und um das gereinigte sauerstoffhaltige Gas an diesen Batteriepack zu liefern. Zusätzlich weist das Batteriesystem ein Batteriebetriebssystem auf, das dazu eingerichtet ist, das Zuführen von sauerstoffhaltigem Gas von dem Reinigungsgerät und dem Gasvorratsbehälter an den Batteriepack zu steuern. Das Batteriesystem hat mindestens zwei Betriebsarten, darunter eine erste Art, die einen ersten Leistungsausgangspegel benötigt, der kleiner oder gleich einem zweiten Leistungspegel ist, der in elektrochemischer Hinsicht der maximalen Sauerstoffzufuhrrate des Reinigungsgeräts in dieser ersten Betriebsart entspricht, und mindestens eine zweite Betriebsart, die einen dritten Leistungsausgangspegel benötigt, der größer ist als der zweite Leistungspegel. Das Batteriebetriebssystem ist dazu eingerichtet, die Zufuhr von sauerstoffhaltigem Gas an den Batteriepack so zu steuern, dass, wenn das Batteriesystem in der ersten Betriebsart betrieben wird, der Batteriepack mit von dem Reinigungsgerät abgegebenem sauerstoffhaltigen Gas versorgt wird, und dass, wenn das Batteriesystem in der zweiten Betriebsart betrieben wird, der Batteriepack zusätzlich oder stattdessen mit sauerstoffhaltigem Gas von dem Gasvorratsbehälter versorgt wird.
id-JP6877368B2    abstract-
id-US10272913B2    abstract-A method for recovering energy during braking of a vehicle is provided. The vehicle has at least one rotatable ground engaging member, a generator operatively connected to the at least one rotatable ground engaging member, and at least one energy storage device coupled to the generator. The method has the steps of: determining a speed of the vehicle; determining a desired slip of the at least one rotatable ground engaging member based at least in part on the speed of the vehicle; and applying a braking torque to the at least one rotatable ground engaging member using the generator based at least in part on the desired slip. A regenerative braking system for a vehicle and a vehicle having such a system are also disclosed.
id-US20160363935A1    abstract-Vehicles, including autonomous vehicles, which receive external data from sources other than the sensors on the vehicles, analyze such external data and alter the driving behaviors of the vehicles based on the external data are disclosed. External data may be gathered from other vehicles, news feeds, social networking posts or may comprise data about previously observed behaviors of other vehicles or drivers. Such external data may include locations of and/or information regarding other vehicles, traffic signs and or signal lights, on or off ramps, road hazards, road conditions, traffic conditions, vehicular or pedestrian congestion, etc. In other aspects, systems for adjusting vehicle settings based on driver preferred settings are disclosed.
id-JP6588981B2    abstract-
id-US10583744B2    abstract-A braking system for a rail vehicle includes a target value generator for the target value of the overall braking power, a controller for determining at least one manipulated variable value on the basis of the target value and at least one actuator which transmits the manipulated variable value to the at least one braking device. The system at least approximately determines acceleration components of the rail vehicle and determines the actual value of the total braking power from the acceleration components while taking the vehicle speed and the vehicle mass into consideration. The controller is designed to control the manipulated variable value such as to reduce the control deviation between the target value and the determined actual value.
id-CN107921937B    abstract-本公开涉及一种用于控制再生制动转矩向混合动力车辆或电动车辆中的至少一种的多个车轮的施加以避免制动不稳定的方法。该方法可涉及：感测诸如车辆的转向盘的角度、车辆的速度、当操作者接合制动踏板时的制动踏板速率、以及前轮和后轮中的每个的车轮滑移的变量。可确定指令侧向加速度，表示车辆以实际车辆速度并以当前感测到的转向盘角度将达到的稳定状态侧向加速度。可随后基于相对于至少一个预定车轮滑移极限所感测到的车轮滑移控制再生制动转矩的施加。该预定车轮滑移极限至少部分地基于所确定的指令侧向加速度来确定。
id-DE102016209938A1    abstract-Es wird ein Antriebssystem beschrieben, das einen Verbrennungsmotor, ein Getriebe und eine Elektromaschine umfasst, und die Elektromaschine umfasst, die drehbar mit einer Kurbelwelle des Verbrennungsmotors gekoppelt ist. Das Getriebe ist mit einem Antriebsstrang gekoppelt, um Traktionsdrehmoment und Bremsdrehmoment darauf zu übertragen. Ein Verfahren zum Steuern der Elektromaschine umfasst das Bestimmen einer Kurzzeit-Achsdrehmomentkapazität, einer Langzeit-Achsdrehmomentkapazität und einer maximalen regenerativen Bremsstillstandsdrehmomentkapazität und Bestimmen einer Bedieneranfrage nach Bremsen. Eine bevorzugte regenerative Bremskapazität wird basierend auf der Kurzzeit-Achsdrehmomentkapazität, der regenerativen Langzeit-Bremskapazität, der regenerativen Motorstillstands-Bremskapazität und Bestimmen der Bedieneranfrage nach Bremsen bestimmt. Drehmomentausgabe von der Elektromaschine wird basierend auf der bevorzugten regenerativen Bremskapazität gesteuert.
id-CN106329612A    abstract-本发明提供一种在装备有高电压电池的环保型车辆中控制电池充电和放电容量以优化电池充电和放电容量的装置和方法。更具体的，所述装置和方法使用电池充电状态(SOC)防止由于存储在电池的电流能量过度使用造成的电池低电压/超电压的局限。另外，相比于现有技术无需无需添加部件而使用现有的硬件能够通过确保额外的电动机输出，来改善燃料效率和功率性能。
id-US20160378707A1    abstract-A networking apparatus couples a plurality of vehicle nodes to improve bandwidth, security, and subsystem independence. The networking apparatus couples a plurality of thin client units to a single virtualized master control unit container host. Each thin client unit transforms CAN protocol messages to encrypted packets for a real time Ethernet interconnect. Vehicle subsystem modules connect via a personalized thin client unit which will filter, correct, and authenticate messages at the periphery of the networking apparatus. Between thin client units, the host encrypts and decrypts a message, directs the message to the proper recipient, authenticates each message, and centrally provides the functionality of a plurality of electronic control units. The virtualized master control unit container host may be updated over the air and perform installation and validation checks of a new version of one or more electronic control unit images while the vehicle is in operation using a previous version.
id-CN106256638A    abstract-本发明提供一种用于控制混合动力车的低压DC-DC变换器(LDC)电压的系统和方法。基于车辆进入的驱动模式，对LDC电压进行最优调节，从而提高燃料效率。方法包括，确定混合动力车是否以再生制动模式驱动以及辅助电池的充电状态(SOC)值是否等于或大于第一临界值，该第一临界值设置为在再生制动模式驱动期间不必要对辅助电池充电的值。当辅助电池的充电SOC值等于或大于预设的第一临界值时，将驱动模式从再生制动模式切换到电动车(EV)模式，并且在EV模式中可变地调节LDC目标电压。
id-US20160375778A1    abstract-A power net system of a fuel cell vehicle is provided. The power net system includes a fuel cell and a first switching unit that is configured to form and block an electrical connection between an output terminal of the fuel cell and a main bus. A load device diverges and is connected between the output terminal and the first switching unit. A reverse current blocking unit is disposed between the output terminal of the fuel cell and a node from which the load device diverges and is configured to block a current flow to the output terminal of the fuel cell. A second switching unit is configured to form and block an electrical connection between the output terminal of the fuel cell and the load device. A controller operates the first and second switching units to form the electrical connection between the main bus and the load device.
id-US9321355B1    abstract-A method of operating an electric vehicle may include determining an angle of inclination of the electric vehicle, and selecting rates of regenerative braking corresponding to multiple brake pedal positions based on the determined angle of inclination.
id-CN106257811A    abstract-一种用于控制环保型车辆的双向转换器的装置和方法，双向转换器在无负载或低负载区域并不操作在双向模式(或降压-升压模式)，而是操作在从旁路模式、降压模式和升压模式选择的最佳模式，所以减少双向转换器的功率损耗和改进系统效率是可能的。
id-US9676280B2    abstract-A system for managing braking torque in a machine uses a first braking system, a second braking system that is independent of the first braking system and a controller that monitors activity in both braking systems. The controller selectively reduces torque in the first braking system as torque in the second braking system increases to limit undesired effects of possible over-braking.
id-US20170225589A1    abstract-A software-defined powertrain transmits commands to at least 4 distributed polyphase motor controllers. A single vehicle control unit transforms operator control indicia into a plurality of individual commands, and securely transmits said commands to each one of a plurality of independent motor controllers mechanically coupled to a single wheel by a polyphase electric motor. The motor controllers are DC to variable AC electrical converters which each receives phase and magnitude requirements. A mixed criticality operating system provides an encrypted application-programming interface to operate functions such as torque vectoring, cooling, braking, and battery management. The OS provides an isolated trust zone to each of a plurality of cores for authentication and validation.
id-US20160362005A1    abstract-The primary objective of the invention aims to capture electrical energy now lost as heat energy during dynamic braking of locomotive for reuse during upgrades and transfer to other locations with electrical energy demands.
id-DE102015210264A1    abstract-Die Erfindung offenbart ein Antriebssystem für ein Fahrzeug, aufweisend einen Traktionsakkumulator; eine elektrische Maschine, die beim Verzögern des Fahrzeuges elektrische Ladung in den Traktionsakkumulator speist; einen ersten Bordnetzakkumulator, dessen Energiedichte niedriger als die Energiedichte des Traktionsakkumulators ist; einen zweiten Bordnetzakkumulator, der eine höhere Energiedichte als der erste Bordnetzakkumulator aufweist; einen ersten Gleichstrom-Gleichstrom-Wandler, der die Hochspannung des Traktionsakkumulators in die Bordnetzspannung wandelt und den Traktionsakkumulator mit den Bordnetz koppelt; einen zweiten Gleichstrom-Gleichstrom-Wandler, der zwischen das Bordnetz und den zweiten Bordnetzakkumulator geschaltet ist; und eine Steuerungseinrichtung, die dazu ausgebildet ist, – den ersten Gleichstrom-Gleichstrom-Wandler so zu steuern, dass beim Verzögern des Fahrzeuges die elektrische Maschine großteils den Traktionsakkumulator und den zweiten Bordnetzakkumulator lädt; und – den zweiten Gleichstrom-Gleichstrom-Wandler so zu steuern, dass in einem Fall, bei dem die elektrische Maschine das Fahrzeug antreibt, der zweite Bordnetzakkumulator Energie der elektrischen Maschine und/oder dem ersten Bordnetzakkumulator und/oder dem Bordnetz bereitstellt.
id-KR20170002203A    abstract-본 발명은 출력을 조절할 수 있도록 한 회동제생장치에 관한 것으로, 차축에 연결된 구동축부; 상기 구동축부에 연결 설치되어, 상기 구동축부에 연동하여 회전하는 로터 구성부; 및 상기 로터 구성부의 회전에 따라 발전되는 스테이터 구성부를 포함한다.
id-US9969271B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle including an internal combustion engine, a motor, and a storage battery and configured to charge the storage battery with electric power generated as a result of regenerative braking and electric power generated by using output of the engine. When a planned travel route of the vehicle includes a downhill section, the control apparatus executes a downhill control which decreases the remaining capacity of the storage battery before the vehicle enters the downhill section. In addition, when the downhill section includes a congestion section and the total distance of the congestion section is greater than a predetermined threshold, the control apparatus does not execute the downhill control.
id-JP6332180B2    abstract-
id-US10106143B2    abstract-A control apparatus that is applied to a vehicle includes a control unit. The control unit is configured to, when the vehicle is traveling on a specific traffic congestion section at a time when the vehicle has reached a downhill control start point or a traffic congestion control start point, not start any of a downhill control and a traffic congestion control. After the vehicle travels on the specific traffic congestion section, the downhill control or the traffic congestion control is started only when an effect of improvement in fuel consumption resulting from the downhill control or the traffic congestion control is expected.
id-JP6269607B2    abstract-
id-EP3124302B1    abstract-
id-US20170015397A1    abstract-An electric propulsion system for use in marine applications. The system comprises rechargeable battery cells, AC or DC electric motors for propulsion, control units to manage the flow of energy between the battery cells and the motor, a water cooling loop that pumps water through heat exchangers then out of the watercraft for thermal management. Closed cooling loops may be employed to thermally manage the motor, batteries, controllers, inverters, charging apparatus and other components by running through coolant through the cooling loops to properly chill or heat the coolant fluid. The unit is charged through shore based power, solar and other sources, including the possibility of power sources through hull or hanging turbines to generate mechanical energy from the flow of water as the watercraft is propelled. The whole system is controlled by a vehicle control unit and a battery management system.
id-EP3118078B1    abstract-
id-CN106347354B    abstract-一种车辆的控制装置，在实施再生放大控制的车辆中，使得能够良好地实施转向内倾抑制控制。预读减速辅助控制部(70)将预测为车辆结束减速的位置设定为目标减速结束位置，并以使得车辆的减速在目标减速结束位置结束的方式引导驾驶员释放加速踏板，在加速踏板被释放的状态下，实施再生放大控制而产生比通常大的减速度。预读减速辅助控制部(70)从制动ECU(60)读入转向内倾控制标志F，且在正实施转向内倾抑制控制时中止再生放大控制。
id-US10173536B2    abstract-An electricity converter for controlling an output of the fuel cell, a battery for storing electricity of the fuel cell, and a load device that operates by electricity of at least one of the fuel cell or the battery are included. Further provided is a controller that calculates current chargeable electricity of the battery, load device electricity currently consumed by the load device and current generable electricity of the fuel cell, and decreases the output of the fuel cell by the electricity converter when the generable electricity is equal-to or more-than a combined value of the chargeable electricity and the load device electricity.
id-KR101776721B1    abstract-본 발명은 구동 모터를 구비한 차량의 제어 방법 및 장치에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 구동 모터를 구비한 차량의 제어 방법은, 차속, 가속 페달의 위치값, 및 브레이크 페달의 위치값을 기초로 제동 조건이 만족되는지 판단하는 단계; 상기 제동 조건이 만족된 상태에서 변속 조건이 만족되는지 판단하는 단계; 상기 변속 조건이 만족되면, 인버터를 제어하여 상기 구동 모터의 토크를 설정된 값으로 증가시켜 유지시키는 단계; 상기 구동 모터의 토크가 상기 설정된 값이 되면, 제1 유압 액츄에이터를 제어하여 해방요소의 해방을 개시하고 결합요소의 결합을 개시하는 단계; 총 제동량에 대응하는 총 제동 토크 및 상기 구동 모터의 토크가 상기 설정된 값으로 유지됨에 따라 없어지는 코스트 리젠 토크의 합에 대응하는 마찰 제동 토크를 계산하고, 휠 실린더가 상기 마찰 제동 토크를 발생시키도록 제2 유압 액츄에이터를 제어하는 단계; 및 상기 구동 모터의 속도가 목표 변속단에 대응하는 속도에 동기화되면, 상기 인버터를 제어하여 상기 구동 모터의 토크를 회생제동 허용량에 대응하는 회생제동 토크를 발생시키도록 감소시키는 단계;를 포함할 수 있다.
id-US10195945B2    abstract-A control device is provided for an electric vehicle that generates a braking force corresponding to an opening degree of an accelerator pedal to decelerate the electric vehicle. The control device for the electric vehicle includes a motor configured to generate a driving force or a regenerative braking force of the electric vehicle, a friction braking unit configured to generate a friction braking force, and a controller configured to control at least one of the motor and the friction braking unit corresponding to the opening degree of the accelerator pedal. The controller determines whether all of regenerative electric power generated by the motor is consumed in the electric vehicle when the motor is caused to perform a regenerative braking. The controller causes the motor to perform the regenerative braking when the regenerative electric power is determined to be consumed in the electric vehicle.
id-EP3329587B1    abstract-
id-WO2017013059A1    abstract-Der Propellerantrieb (20') ist insbesondere ein Flugzeugantrieb und umfasst eine Propellermaschine (100) sowie einen elektrischen Antrieb (30, 50), welcher umrichterfrei an die Propellermaschine (100) angebunden ist. Das Flugzeug (10') weist einen solchen Propellerantrieb (20') auf.
id-US10953756B2    abstract-An exemplary braking method includes monitoring for an upcoming deceleration of an electrified vehicle, permitting an amount of regenerative braking if the upcoming deceleration is detected, and reducing the amount of regenerative braking if the upcoming deceleration is not detected.
id-JP2017028905A    abstract-【課題】車両の状況に応じて回生量を適切に変更可能とする。【解決手段】車両の走行輪２に接続されたモータジェネレータ３を車両減速時に駆動させて電力を発生させ回生制動を行なうモータコントロールユニット４と、モータジェネレータ３による回生量Ｔrを増減操作するパドルスイッチ１２と、パドルスイッチ１２による増減操作の操作に応じて回生量Ｔrを連続的に増減制御するメインコントロールユニット２０と、を備えた車両の回生制御装置１であって、メインコントロールユニット２０は、パドルスイッチ１２のＵＰスイッチ１３操作による回生量Ｔrの増加操作に伴う回生量変化速度Ｒuが、ＤＯＷＮスイッチ１４操作による回生量Ｔrの減少操作に伴う回生量変化速度Ｒdよりも大きく設定されることを特徴とする。【選択図】図１
id-US20170028835A1    abstract-A vehicle configured to operate independently from fossil fuel power sources. The vehicle includes a battery, a solar cell, and an electric motor operably connected to the internal combustion engine. The vehicle includes multiple supplemental power sources, including wheel induction generators and the inertial generators, configured to recapture of the portion expended to operate the vehicle, reducing the amount of electrical energy required to be generated by the solar cell. Each of the induction generators includes an induction coil and a plurality of magnets positioned about each of the hubs of the wheels. Rotation of the plurality of magnets about the induction coil from when the vehicle is in motion generates an electrical current in the induction coil. The inertial generators can be directly connected to the electric motor or in electrical communication with the battery.
id-CN106427982A    abstract-本发明提供一种电动车辆。电动车辆(10)具有：电动机(18FL～18RR)，经由齿轮式减速装置(19FL～19RR)向驱动轮(12FL～12RR)施加制动驱动转矩；制动装置(26)；以及控制装置(22)，针对各驱动轮运算最终目标转矩(Tti)，并以使驱动轮的实际的制动驱动转矩成为最终目标转矩的方式控制电动机及制动装置，所述最终目标转矩(Tti)是基于驾驶员的制动驱动操作量的第一目标转矩(Tt1i)与用于控制车辆的行驶行为的第二目标转矩(Tt2i)之和。在第一目标转矩为驱动转矩的状况下(S10)最终目标转矩成为制动转矩时(S40)，最终目标转矩被修正为不会成为制动转矩的值(S60)。
id-CN106394308A    abstract-本发明提供一种电动车辆(10)，具有：电动机(24FL～24RR)，向驱动轮(12FL～12RR)施加驱动力；制动装置(32)，向各驱动轮施加制动力；以及控制装置(28)，针对各驱动轮运算最终目标制动驱动力(Tti)，以使得实际的制动驱动力成为对应的最终目标制动驱动力的方式控制电动机和制动装置。控制装置针对各驱动轮运算驱动轮相对于车体的前后方向上的相对速度(ΔVi)(S40)，基于相对速度运算用于减小驱动轮相对于车体的前后方向上的相对加速度的目标制动驱动力的目标修正量(Tt2i)(S80、100)，通过利用目标修正量修正目标制动驱动力(Tt1i)来运算最终目标制动驱动力(Tti)(S110)。
id-EP3321117A1    abstract-An arrangement structure of a wheel drive system comprising a tire wheel and a drive unit for driving the tire wheel, wherein the tire wheel includes a brake part arranged to a hollow space of the tire wheel, the drive unit includes a motor and an inverter for driving the motor, the inverter includes a power module for supplying power to the motor and a bus bar for supplying power supplied from outside the tire wheel to the power module, and the bus bar is arranged to the brake part side than the power module.
id-KR20170011367A    abstract-본 발명의 실시예에 따른 하이브리드 차량의 제어 장치는 연료를 연소시켜 구동력을 제공하는 엔진; 상기 엔진을 시동시키고, 제동시 발전기로 작동하여 전기 에너지를 생성하는 시동 발전기; 상기 엔진의 구동력을 보조하고, 제동시 발전기로 작동하여 전기 에너지를 생성하는 구동 모터; 상기 시동 발전기 및 상기 구동 모터에서 생성된 전기 에너지를 저장하는 배터리; 상기 엔진에서 배출되는 배기 가스를 정화시키는 디젤 매연 필터(diesel particulate filter: DPF); 및 상기 디젤 매연 필터의 재생 준비 모드에 진입하면 EV 운전 영역을 확대하고, 상기 디젤 매연 필터의 재생 모드에 진입하면 상기 엔진의 운전점을 증가시키고 차량의 주행에 필요한 토크 외의 토크는 상기 모터 또는 상기 시동 발전기를 통해 전기 에너지로 생성하여 상기 배터리에 저장하도록 제어하는 제어부;를 포함할 수 있다.
id-KR101856289B1    abstract-본 발명은 친환경 차량의 LDC 제어 장치 및 그 방법에 관한 것으로, 주행시 고전압 배터리의 전원을 낮춰 전장부하에 직접 공급함으로써, 보조 배터리의 충전 횟수를 줄여 친환경 차량의 연비를 향상시킬 수 있는 친환경 차량의 LDC 제어 장치 및 그 방법을 제공하고자 한다. 이를 위하여, 본 발명은 친환경 차량의 LDC 제어 장치에 있어서, 기준전압을 저장하는 저장부; 보조 배터리의 전압을 감지하는 전압 감지부; 차량의 주행 여부를 감지하는 주행 감지부; 및 주행시, 보조 배터리의 전압이 기준전압을 초과하는 경우, 보조 배터리의 전압과 동일하게 LDC(Low voltage DC-DC Converter)의 출력전압을 설정하는 제어부를 포함한다.
id-JP6436433B2    abstract-
id-KR20170015259A    abstract-본 발명은 엔진 등의 동력공급장치에 의하여 회전하는 동력축과 동력공급장치의 동력을 사용하는 동력수요장치에 회전력을 전달하는 수요축의 회전력을 비교 측정하는 회전력 비교 시스템 제공과 회전력 비교 시스템을 이용하는 자동차, 오토바이, 기차 등의 육상운송장치와 동력수요장치가 상하로 이동하는 크레인, 엘리베이터, 에스컬레이터 등을 포함하는 동력기계장치가 제공된다.
id-KR20170009489A    abstract-차량용 에너지 회수 장치 및 이를 구비하는 차량이 개시된다. 예시적인 실시예에 따른 차량용 에너지 회수 장치는, 차량에서 회전이 이루어지는 부분에 장착되고 회전에 따라 교류 전원을 발생시키도록 마련되는 적어도 하나의 전자기 유도 발생부, 발생된 교류 전원을 직류 전원으로 정류시키는 정류부, 및 정류된 직류 전원을 저장하는 에너지 저장부를 포함한다.
id-WO2017017855A1    abstract-列車編成内の最大消費電力を抑えつつ回生電力の効率的な利用を目的とし、列車１に搭載された複数の補機を有する補機群１４を制御可能な車両情報管理装置１１であって、列車１の速度情報からキロ程を演算してキロ程情報を送信するキロ程演算部１１２と、列車１の絶対位置情報を含む地点情報、キロ程情報及び補機群１４の補機状態情報を受信して補機群１４への補機制御指令の生成に用いる判断結果情報を送信する判断部１１０と、判断結果情報を受信して補機制御指令を生成して送信する補機制御指令生成部１１３とを備え、補機制御指令生成部１１３は、補機群１４の稼動抑制時に回生電力の生成の開始が予測される直前の地点にて補機群１４の稼動を促進する指令を生成し、回生電力の生成が停止することが予測される直前の地点にて補機群１４の稼動を抑制する指令を生成する。
id-KR20170011576A    abstract-본 발명은 네비게이션으로 설정된 경로와 도로교통상황을 이용하여 차량의 예상 평균속도가 반영된 상태로 크립토크를 제어함으로써, 고속영역에서는 가속성능이 향상되고, 저속영역에서는 회생에너지가 증가되도록 한 네비게이션을 이용한 친환경 차량의 크립토크 제어 장치 및 방법에 관한 것이다. 본 발명에 따른 네비게이션을 이용한 친환경 차량의 크립토크 제어 장치는 차량의 휠로 최종 동력을 전달하는 구동계(13)와, 교통정보를 수신하고, 수신된 교통정보를 반영하여 운전자가 설정한 목적지로 차량의 주행경로를 안내하는 네비게이션(17)과, 미리 설정된 크립토크 재산출 거리(A)까지 상기 주행경로를 따라 주행하는데 예상되는 평균속도를 기반으로 크립토크를 산출하고, 상기 산출된 크립토크로 상기 구동계(13)를 제어하는 제어유닛(16)을 포함한다. 한편, 본 발명에 따른 네비게이션을 이용한 친환경 차량의 크립토크 제어 방법은, 차량의 현재 크립토크로 미리 설정된 크립토크 재산출 거리(A)까지 네비게이션(17)이 교통정보를 반영하여 설정한 주행경로를 따라 주행하는데 예상되는 평균속도를 산출하는 평균속도 산출단계(S140)와, 상기 평균속도를 기반으로 신규 크립토크를 산출하는 크립토크 재산출단계(S170)와, 상기 신규 크립토크로 주행 중인 상기 차량을 제어하는 크립토크 제어단계(S180)를 포함한다.
id-US20210086652A1    abstract-Systems, apparatuses, and methods disclosed herein include managing, by a controller, a state of charge of a battery of a hybrid vehicle at a particular location at a particular time based on a determined potential propulsion power for the vehicle; responsive to determining a downhill grade at the particular location, determining, by the controller, an amount of braking energy available during traversal of the downhill grade; and discharging, by the controller, the battery to direct energy to at least one of a generator or an electrified accessory of the hybrid vehicle before the downhill grade to enable reception of at least a portion of the determined amount of braking energy available.
id-US20180237001A1    abstract-A vehicle stability control system includes a signal collection sensor and a vehicle controller (10). The signal collection sensor is configured to collect a vehicle condition information parameter, and the vehicle controller (10) is configured to calculate a control yaw moment according to the vehicle condition information parameter. The control yaw moment is used to cancel a difference between an estimated yaw moment and an actual yaw moment. The vehicle controller (10) is further configured to determine according to the vehicle condition information parameter whether the vehicle (100) is in a stable region or a non-stable region in the case of tire blow-out, and allocate the control yaw moment to four wheels (101) according to a vehicle stability condition, thus implementing vehicle stability control. A vehicle stability control method and a vehicle (100) with the vehicle stability control system are also disclosed.
id-US10246080B2    abstract-An electric vehicle control apparatus includes a first motor generator, a second motor generator, a booster, and a controller. The booster boosts an input voltage to the first motor generator and an output voltage from the second motor generator to expand an operable range of the first motor generator and an operable range of the second motor generator into a first expanded operable range and a second expanded operable range, respectively. The controller controls the first motor generator to drive a load with regenerative power supplied during braking of an electric vehicle and to control the first motor generator to be driven at a first inefficient operating point within the first expanded operable range and to control the second motor generator to be driven at a second inefficient operating point within the second expanded operable range in a case where the regenerative power is used.
id-US10384669B2    abstract-An apparatus for controlling a vehicle having a motor is provided and includes a driving information sensor that senses driving information of the vehicle including an open value of an APS, an open value of a BPS, a driving wheel speed, a non-driving wheel speed, external temperature, battery temperature, a vehicle speed, and a shift stage. A driving motor generates a driving force and is operated as a power generator when the vehicle coasts to generate electric energy. An ABS that adjusts a braking force applied to a driving wheel. A controller changes a coast regeneration torque subject to regenerative braking by the driving motor when the vehicle is coasting, based on a difference between a driving wheel speed and a non-driving wheel speed, correction temperature determined based on the external temperature and the battery temperature, a friction coefficient of a road, and an operation condition of the ABS.
id-US10543818B2    abstract-The embodiments of the present application disclose a stability control system and a stability control method for a four-wheel drive electric vehicle and the four-wheel drive electric vehicle. In the stability control system, when the lateral acceleration is equal to or greater than an acceleration threshold, at least one of a first braking force signal, a second braking force signal, a first logic signal and a second logic signal is obtained. When the first logic signal is obtained, the body of the electric vehicle is controlled to keep stable. When the first braking force signal and the second logic signal are obtained, a motor is controlled to apply braking force to an outside front wheel. When the second braking force signal and the second logic signal are obtained, motors are controlled to apply braking force to the outside front wheel and an inside rear wheel.
id-EP3334619B1    abstract-
id-AU2016317839C1    abstract-A system for simulating electrical systems of a diesei-electric locomotive comprising includes a first electric motor for simulating a locomotive diesel engine and a generator coupled to the electric motor for simulating a locomotive main generator in a main generator operating mode. A second electric motor is driven by an electrical output of the generator in the main generator operating mode and simulates a locomotive traction motor. A third electric motor is coupled to the second electric motor and operates as a generator providing a load on the second electric motor during simulated locomotive motoring operations.
id-US10106039B2    abstract-A regeneration control device of an electrically driven vehicle configured to control regeneration operation in which rotational energy of wheels is converted and regenerated into electric energy by a rotary electric motor, includes: a regeneration level selecting unit manually operated to select a regeneration level in the regeneration operation; a regeneration level setting unit changing the regeneration level to a stage in accordance with the operation on the regeneration level selecting unit; and a regeneration executing unit executing the regeneration operation in accordance with the stage of the regeneration level changed by the regeneration level setting unit. When a specific operation is performed on the regeneration level selecting unit, the regeneration level setting unit changes the regeneration level to a highest stage in one of an up direction and a down direction.
id-CN106476777B    abstract-本发明提供一种解耦电子液压助力制动系统及制动方法，解耦电子液压助力制动系统包括：制动踏板以及检测制动踏板行程和速度的检测机构；踏板感觉模拟器；模拟补偿机构；助力制动系统；产生制动液压力的主缸；车身稳定性控制系统/防抱死系统，通过液压管路与所述主缸相连。本发明通过将主缸液压力补偿到踏板感觉模拟器的模拟器液压腔，以及和踏板感觉模拟弹簧、补偿弹簧配合能够很好地模拟踏板感觉；通过模拟补偿机构的设计实现失效备份模式下主缸的建压。
id-US9956959B2    abstract-A method for controlling a deceleration device of a motor vehicle, wherein a control apparatus receives a request signal from a vehicle component for vehicle deceleration. Protection against mistriggering of the deceleration device is provided. Also provided is an integrity level of the vehicle component to be ascertained, a time profile for a deceleration performance of the deceleration device obtained during a braking process to be ascertained, for different times, a respective current minimum integrity level that is at least necessary for the time profile ascertained hitherto to be ascertained, and performance limiting to be performed for the request signal if the current minimum integrity level is higher than the integrity level of the vehicle component.
id-US10023071B2    abstract-Embodiments of the present invention provide a train control method for maximizing utilization of regenerative energy. The method mainly comprises: working out a matching error ΔT of a current matched pair of trains Mx (i, j) of a station in the current running situation; and comparing the matching error ΔT with a preset maximum adjustable error ΔTx of the current matched pair of trains Mx (i, j) of the station and determining a strategy for adjusting train running of the current matched pair of trains Mx (i, j) according to comparison results.
id-US20170036548A1    abstract-A MG-ECU includes, as a regeneration limiting value, a limited value set according to a state of a battery, and an unlimited value enabling generation of braking force greater than the limited value. In a state in which regenerative braking is being limited, the MG-ECU causes frictional braking force to be generated based on a difference between the unlimited value and the drive force demand of a driver. In cases in which the frictional braking force is also limited in a state of the regenerative braking, the MG-ECU switches the regeneration limiting value from the limited value to the unlimited value, and requests a motor-generator to generate regenerative braking based on the limited value.
id-US9400034B1    abstract-A product may include a differential unit that may be engaged with first and second axle shafts that may be driven from a common gear. An electrical machine may be positioned on a first side of the differential unit. A first shaft may extend from the electrical machine and into the differential unit. A power transfer unit may be positioned on a second side of the differential unit opposite the first side. A second shaft may extend into each of the differential unit and the power transfer unit. The first and second shafts may be rotationally engageable through the power transfer unit.
id-US20190217708A1    abstract-A method of regenerative braking includes providing an electric motor including at least one stator and a rotor, a speed of the rotor, a motor controller that regulates a current level in the stator winding, a power inverter which controls an energy flow to the stator terminal, and an energy storage system (ESS) which exchanges energy with the motor. A battery management circuit is between the power inverter and the ESS, and a processor has an associated memory storing a regenerative braking (RB) algorithm. The RB algorithm during braking causes the motor controller to execute determining an RB torque value from the rotor speed that maximizes regenerative braking current, and the power inverter is used to redirect the RB current to maximize a power transfer from the motor to the ESS.
id-KR20170019253A    abstract-급속 충전을 통한 정거장 간 전동차 운행시스템은 전동차, 복수의 급전부들 및 중앙 제어부를 포함한다.  상기 전동차는 복수의 역사들 각각에 정차하여, 승객의 승하차 시간 동안 충전된 에너지와 제동시 발생하는 모든 회생 에너지를 저장하는 급속충전저장장치를 포함한다.  상기 복수의 급전부들은 상기 역사들 각각 설치되며, 상기 전동차가 상기 역사에 정차하는 동안 상기 급속충전저장장치로 에너지를 급속 충전한다.  상기 중앙 제어부는 상기 전동차의 정차시간, 상기 역사들 사이의 거리, 및 상기 급속충전저장장치의 충전량을 바탕으로, 상기 급속충전저장장치로의 에너지 충전을 제어한다.
id-JPWO2017033328A1    abstract-電気車と接続する交流架線と交流架線に交流電力を供給する変電所との間の電力の流れの向きを示す潮流方向の情報である第１の信号に基づいて、交流架線側の第１の交流電力を負荷で使用可能な第２の交流電力に変換するか否かを決定し、変換することを決定した場合は第２の信号を生成して出力する動作開始決定部２１と、第２の信号に応じた電圧指令値を算出して出力する電圧指令値算出部２２と、電圧指令値に基づいて、第１の交流電力を第２の交流電力に変換する際に駆動する電力変換回路への制御信号を生成して出力するＰＷＭ信号生成部２３と、を備える。
id-US20170050700A1    abstract-A dual power electric assist hub wheel wherein two power source outputs are combined into a compact planetary gear set with precisely located one-way bearings in a specific configuration which provides:         A first mode, direct drive pedaling   A second mode, motor powered alone with throttle activation   A third mode, dual power drive with variable speed output hub wheel and hand throttle control   A fourth mode, motor and/or pedaling regenerative braking manually activated.
id-KR20170024857A    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 회생제동 제어 장치에 관한 것으로, 구체적으로 회생제동 중 변속 제어를 최소화하여 토크 인터벤션에 의한 에너지 회수율 손실을 줄일 수 있는 차량의 회생제동 제어 장치 및 방법에 관한 것이다. 이를 위해, 본 발명의 일 실시 예에 따른 차량의 회생제동 제어 장치는 동력원인 엔진과 구동모터, 상기 엔진과 구동모터 사이에 위치하며, 상기 엔진과 구동모터를 선택적으로 연결하는 엔진 클러치, 상기 엔진 클러치의 해제 혹은 접합에 의해 상기 엔진 및 구동모터 중 적어도 하나로부터 구동력을 전달 받는 변속기; 차량의 운전 정보를 검출하는 정보 검출기 및 상기 정보 검출기에서 검출한 운전 정보를 기반으로 회생제동을 수행하고, 회생제동 요구량 및 모터 충전 가능량을 확인하며, 상기 회생제동 요구량 및 모터 충전 가능량을 기반으로 상기 변속기를 제어하여 변속을 홀딩(holding)하는 차량 제어기를 포함한다.
id-US10184534B2    abstract-A frictionless electromagnetic braking system utilizes linear alternators which are controlled by a power electronics converter interface to capture the car's kinetic energy and generate braking force on the wheel. The alternators are engaged by driver or operator input.
id-CN105882836A    abstract-本发明实施例提供一种骑行设备的控制系统、方法及自行车，能够提高能源利用率。该骑行设备的控制系统包括能量转换模块，用于将机械能转换为电能；控制器，连接能量转换模块，用于确定骑行设备处于的上下坡行驶状态，根据确定的骑行设备处于的上下坡行驶状态，控制能量转换模块是否将骑行设备产生的机械能转换为电能。
id-DE102015215354A1    abstract-Es werden ein Gleichspannungswandler (10) und ein Verfahren zum Wandeln einer Gleichspannung vorgestellt. Der Gleichspannungswandler (10) weist eine Anzahl an Schaltern (16, 18) und einen Zwischenspeicher (28) auf, wobei parallel zu dem Zwischenspeicher (28) ein weiterer Schalter (34) derart eingerichtet ist, dass dieser bidirektional sperren kann.
id-US10046645B2    abstract-An ECU (Electronic Control Unit) controls a converter such that the converter is stopped when a fail signal FCV is output. The ECU further controls an inverter such that power operation and regenerative operation by a motor generator are performed in a state in which output of an ON signal to an IGBT (Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor) element is set non-executable, when the fail signal FCV is output due to the IGBT element becoming short-circuited.
id-CN106476773A    abstract-本发明实施例提供了一种用于轻型电动车的电子控制装置，包括：马达驱动控制单元(201)，用于驱动所述轻型电动车；电池管理单元(202)，与所述马达驱动控制单元(201)连接，用于为轻型电动车提供电能；制动能量回收控制单元(203)，与所述电池管理单元(202)连接，用于在所述轻型电动车制动过程中回收能量；防抱死控制器(212)，与所述马达驱动控制单元(201)和制动能量回收控制单元(203)连接，用于判断所述轻型电动车的制动状态，并控制启动防抱死装置(208)。
id-JP6524240B2    abstract-
id-KR20170016204A    abstract-노면으로부터 차륜을 통해 차체로 전달되는 진동을 이용하여 전기를 생성할 수 있는 자동차가 제공된다. 이를 위해, 본 발명의 실시예에 의한 자동차는, 노면으로부터 차륜을 통해 차체로 전달되는 진동에 의해 유체가 이동되어 터빈을 회전시키기 때문에, 모터가 상기 터빈의 회전력에 의해 전기를 생성할 수 있다.
id-CN105128833A    abstract-本发明公开了一种后桥减速冷却装置，包括：传动辊、后桥减速器、后桥杆、发电机、刹车随动开关和两个风扇，所述后桥减速器内设置有一个与传动辊联动的驱动轴，所述驱动轴的末端延伸至后桥减速器后方并与发电机的转轴相连接，所述驱动轴的末端与发电机的转轴之间设置有一个电动离合装置，所述刹车随动开关与电动离合装置相连接，所述两个风扇分别与发电机之间线性连接。通过上述方式，本发明所述的后桥减速冷却装置，刹车时电动离合装置通电工作，驱动轴的末端与发电机的转轴硬性连接而旋转发电，风扇得电吹风而对刹车装置进行风冷降温，既提高了刹车性能，又能对刹车装置进行降温，提高刹车装置的热稳定性，延长使用寿命。
id-CN106476776A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动车机电混联式制动系统及控制方法，包括制动踏板、制动主缸、压力控制装置、压力传感器、车速传感器、ABS电动泵、能量管理制动控制器、电机控制器、电机及变速机构、双向DC-DC转换器、超级电容组、锂电池及管理系统构成的液压制动子系统和再生制动子系统。本发明在机电制动力分配以及储能源充电管理两个层次上实现双混联式柔性机电制动结构，既能够实现制动能量回收，又能保证较好的制动踏板感觉，能够广泛应用在电驱动车辆的制动能量回收系统中，具有重要的理论意义和工程应用价值。
id-FR3040338A1    abstract-L'invention concerne un procédé de recharge d'un véhicule électrique ou hybride électrique lorsqu'il est branché (E02) sur une borne électrique d'un réseau domestique. Selon l'invention, le procédé comprend la recherche (E03) d'un point de recharge du parcours permettant une recharge récupératrice sur la partie antérieure du parcours à sa localisation, la détermination (E05) d'un niveau de charge initial de l'accumulateur pour lequel l'évaluation (E04) de la recharge récupératrice permet de recharger l'accumulateur à son niveau maximum durant le roulage de la partie antérieure du parcours, le contrôle (E06) de la recharge de l'accumulateur au niveau de charge initial pour débuter le roulage du parcours. L'invention permet d'économiser de l'énergie électrique lors de la recharge sur le réseau domestique.
id-WO2017025909A3    abstract-The present subject matter relates to a two or multiple wheeler EV or EHV having one or more rechargeable energy storage banks. Each of the power bank is connected to a drive motor and charging generator and regenerative system with one or more flexible braided conductive cable. Certain modules like IBMS+IMS+BM&CS are connected through a Snap Connector mounted normally below the flooring of the vehicle on the chassis. The power banks are generally designed to slide in or slide out with the help of a special mechanism.
id-EP3347228B1    abstract-
id-US9758153B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle including an internal combustion engine, a motor, and a storage battery and which charges the storage battery with electric power generated as a result of regenerative braking and electric power generated by using an output of the engine. When a planned travel route includes a downhill section whose height difference is greater than a predetermined height difference threshold, the controller executes a downhill control operation that decreases the target remaining capacity of the storage battery. The controller increases the height difference threshold as the estimated average speed of the vehicle during travel in the downhill section increases, to thereby restrain the execution of the downhill control for a downhill section in which an increase in the remaining capacity is not expected due to a large air resistance acting on the vehicle.
id-US10046642B2    abstract-A control method of a dual clutch transmission for a hybrid electric vehicle includes: determining, by a transmission controller, whether a vehicle has entered a power-off down-shift state; determining, by the transmission controller, whether a transmission including a first input shaft, a second input shaft, and an output shaft has entered a torque phase, when the first determining step determines that the vehicle has entered the power-off down-shift state; calculating a compensatory torque for compensating for a change in a regenerative braking force according to a change of a gear ratio in accordance with a completion percentage of the torque phase, when it is determined that a transmission has entered the torque phase; and compensating for regenerative torque of a motor by applying the compensatory torque.
id-US9873350B2    abstract-A includes a battery, an electric machine, an electrically powered cooling system, and a controller. The electric machine is configured to charge the battery with current generated from regenerative braking. The electrically powered cooling system is configured to cool the battery. The controller is programmed to, in response to a temperature of the battery being greater than a threshold, direct at least a portion of the current generated from regenerative braking to the cooling system.
id-CN105150858B    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于ESC硬件的再生制动系统，该系统包括制动踏板单元、真空助力单元、制动主缸单元、液压执行单元、四轮轮缸、四轮轮速传感器、ESC控制单元、整车控制单元、电机控制单元和电池控制单元。本发明可以保证与传统液压制动系统相同的制动踏板感觉，不需要额外安装制动踏板行程模拟器，当ESC硬件发生故障时，可以提供与传统液压制动系统相同的后备制动，保证了制动安全。本发明运用驱动电机完成再生制动，运用液压执行单元完成液压制动，提供了一种低成本、易实现的再生制动与ESC集成的制动方案。
id-EP3351421B1    abstract-
id-CN106930811B    abstract-公开了运行车辆电加热器的再生制动功率。车辆包括电机、电加热器和控制器。所述电机被配置为通过再生制动对电池再充电，所述电加热器被配置为对动力传动系统润滑油进行加热。响应于动力传动系统润滑油的温度小于阈值，控制器将再生制动功率引导至电加热器。
id-CN106494375B    abstract-本发明涉及用于在再生制动协作控制中控制制动力的方法及系统。提供了一种用于在前轮和/或后轮执行再生制动的环保车辆的再生制动协作控制中控制制动力的方法。采用一种独立调整前轮和后轮的制动力的制动系统以分配制动力从而确保车辆的稳定性、以提高燃料效率并且具有改良的制动性能。
id-WO2017058660A1    abstract-A vehicle having wheels for riding the vehicle over a carrier such as a road or rails, said vehicle having a battery and a generator connected thereto, said generator being arranged to generate electrical power for charging said battery, said generator being further mechanically connected to at least one of said wheels such that said wheel drives the rotor of said generator, characterized in that said generator is an asynchronous generator or a permanent magnet generator, wherein an AC/DC inverter/charger is connected between said generator and said battery for regulating the current and the voltage of the charging power to said battery.
id-KR101724903B1    abstract-본 발명은 친환경 차량의 모터 제어시 불연속 모터 토크 제어 기법을 이용하여 출력 토크 대비 손실을 최소화할 수 있도록 한 친환경 차량의 모터 시스템 제어 방법을 제공하는데 그 목적이 있다. 이러한 목적은 불연속 모터 토크 제어의 수행 여부를 선택하는 단계; 상기 불연속 모터 토크 제어가 선택되면, 불연속 모터 토크 제어를 위한 제어변수를 확인하는 단계; 상기 제어변수 중, 모터 토크 지령(TqCmd)이 제로(0) 이상인지 여부를 판정하는 단계; 상기 모터 토크 지령(TqCmd)이 최대 효율 토크(Tout_MaxEffi)와 비교하여 그 미만으로 판정되면, 불연속 모터 토크 제어 단계로 진입하는 단계; 를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 하는 친환경 차량의 모터 시스템 제어 방법에 의하여 달성된다.
id-US10324114B2    abstract-Adjustment of drive control based on a detection voltage of a transformer requires a loop time, and therefore high-speed processing of the adjustment is difficult. A semiconductor integrated circuit device includes a driving circuit that drives a power semiconductor device and a driving capability control circuit that controls a driving capability of the driving circuit. The driving circuit stops driving of the power semiconductor device based on an abnormal current detected from a sense current of the power semiconductor device. The driving capability control circuit controls the driving capability of the driving circuit based on a normal current detected from the sense current of the power semiconductor device.
id-JPWO2017056541A1    abstract-電動車両は、電動モータと、電動モータに電力を供給するバッテリと、電動モータの駆動力が伝達される駆動輪と、電動モータから駆動輪への駆動力伝達経路の接続と切断を切り替えるクラッチ機構と、ステアリングハンドルと、ステアリングハンドルに取り付けられ、乗員による操作に応じてクラッチ機構を駆動するクラッチ操作子と、クラッチ機構の接続と切断の切り替えに応じて２つの制御モードを切り替える制御装置と、を備える。これによれば、クラッチ機構の切断状態における電動モータの回転速度の調整容易化を図ることが可能となる。
id-JP2017070078A    abstract-【課題】発熱量の異なる複数の蓄電器を備えたシステムの冷却にとって最適な駆動装置を提供すること。 【解決手段】駆動装置は、第１蓄電器と、第１蓄電器に比べて、充放電による発熱量が小さい第２蓄電器と、第１蓄電器及び第２蓄電器の少なくとも一方から得られる電力によって駆動して電動車両の動力を出力する駆動部と、電動車両の内部を流れる冷媒によって第１蓄電器及び第２蓄電器の温度を制御する制御部とを備える。第１蓄電器及び第２蓄電器は、冷媒によって第１蓄電器、第２蓄電器の順に冷却されるよう電動車両の内部に配置されている。 【選択図】図３
id-US20170087993A1    abstract-A regenerative braking system and method are disclosed. According to certain embodiments, the regenerative braking system is engaged and adjusted when the navigation system recognizes that the vehicle is descending down a long grade. This can be pre-stored information, or information derived from prior experience or from the shared experiences of other drivers. The regenerative braking system does not engage to the full stop of the vehicle, but instead can release at approximately three mph and allows friction braking to handle the rest of the stop. The navigation system in this embodiment recognizes that a stop sign or other full-stop situation is present.
id-US20180264951A1    abstract-A vehicle having wheels for riding the vehicle over a carrier such as a road or rails, said vehicle having a battery and a generator connected thereto, said generator being arranged to generate electrical power for charging said battery, said generator being further mechanically connected to at least one of said wheels such that said wheel drives the rotor of said generator, characterized in that said generator is an asynchronous generator or a permanent magnet generator, wherein an AC/DC inverter/charger is connected between said generator and said battery for regulating the current and the voltage of the charging power to said battery.
id-JP2017070117A    abstract-【課題】所望の回生ブレーキ力を得るための回生量を調整する際の操作性を改善してドライバビリティの向上を図る回生ブレーキ制御装置を提供する。【解決手段】回生ブレーキ制御装置３０は、車輪を駆動するモータを、選択された回生段に応じた回生率に制御して回生ブレーキ力を得る車両に搭載されたものであって、回生段および回生率は複数設定されていて、複数設定された回生段からを所定の回生段を選択する際に手動操作する選択部２０Ａ、２０Ｂが所定操作された際に、選択部が所定操作される前の回生段から自動変段するように制御する回生ブレーキ制御部３１を有する。【選択図】図５
id-KR101748264B1    abstract-차량용 연비 표시 장치는 연비예측장치의 추정값 및 관성주행상태의 거리를 포함하는 연비관련 인자(factor)를 판단하는 판단부, 인자를 이용하여 연비를 연산하고, 각 인자 별 연비에 대한 이득 및 기여도를 산출하며, 산출된 각각의 정보와 통합된 정보를 제공하는 연산부, 및 연산부의 결과를 표시하는 표시부를 포함한다.
id-US20180222500A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a method and system for reducing the electric power consumption of a railway system comprising at least one catenary, trains and at least one substation connected to sections of catenary and providing electric power to the catenary, wherein during the braking of the trains, the braking trains provide electric power to the catenary. The substation is associated to one device for reducing the electric power consumption and the invention:         detects the presence of a braking train in one of the section connected to the substation,   interrupts the electric power provided by the substation to the catenary if the presence of the braking train is detected,   detects the absence of braking trains in each section connected to the substation,   means for enabling the electric power to be provided by the substation to the catenary if the absence of braking trains is detected.
id-CN106515423B    abstract-一种控制具有由内燃机驱动的第一轴和由电动装置单独驱动的第二轴的车辆的方法包括确定加速器踏板是被布置在按压位置还是非按压位置，以及确定制动踏板是被布置在按压位置还是非按压位置。基于加速器踏板的位置处于按压位置或非按压位置，以及制动踏板的位置处于按压位置或非按压位置，来选择用于控制储能装置的能量再生的轴控制策略。将控制信号传送到第一轴或第二轴中的至少一个轴以实施所选轴控制策略。
id-CN106515718A    abstract-一种用于控制混合动力车辆的方法包括以下步骤：(a)经由控制器监测混合动力车辆的横向加速度、纵向加速度和纵向减速度的大小和方向；(b)至少部分基于混合动力车辆的横向加速度、纵向加速度和纵向减速度的大小和方向经由控制器来确定其中允许混合动力系以再生状态操作的车辆操作条件；以及(c)当混合动力车辆在确定的车辆操作条件操作时经由控制器命令混合动力系以再生状态操作。车辆操作条件至少部分取决于操作者命令和能量存储系统的当前充电状态(SOC)。
id-US20180273020A1    abstract-This disclosure relates to a method for operating a start-stop system of a motor vehicle. The method include cutting off a drive motor when the speed of the motor vehicle falls below a speed threshold. The speed threshold is determined depending on at least one piece of environment-related information.
id-CN106515505A    abstract-本发明提供一种控制电动机的装置和方法，其通过限制在电动机的最大再生制动扭矩区域处的振动减少扭矩，来减少电动车的振动，以使再生能量最大化。该方法包括：当要求电动车的再生制动时，比较电池的充电状态(SOC)与预定SOC，并且当电池SOC小于预定SOC时，计算电动车的振动分量的大小。此外，将振动分量的大小与第一预定值比较，并且当振动分量的大小小于第一预定值时，限制驱动方向的振动减少扭矩。
id-KR101712285B1    abstract-하이브리드 자동차 또는 전기 자동차에서 Regen Brake System 없이 전기 모터의 회생발전을 이용하여 차량을 감속 또는 정지할 때 회생제동 에너지와 브레이크 필링(Brake feeling)을 고려하여 차량을 정지 또는 감소시키고, 사고 발생 우려 발생 시 구동모터 제어를 통해 차량을 자동으로 급제동하여 차량 사고를 방지할 수 있도록 한 자동차의 회생제동 제어방법에 관한 것으로서, 회생제동 제어부에서 차량 주행 중 가속 페달 값이 제로이면, 거리 측정부를 이용하여 전방 물체와의 거리를 측정하는 단계; 측정한 전방 물체와의 거리가 회생제동을 위해 기 설정된 거리 이내이면 회생 제동 시점으로 판단하고, 차속을 검출하는 단계; 상기 검출한 차속과 전방 물체와의 거리를 기초로 회생제동 제어 값을 산출하고, 산출한 회생제동 제어 값을 기초로 회생제동을 제어하는 단계를 포함하여, Regen Brake System 없이도 자동차의 회생제동을 최적으로 제어한다.
id-US10305410B2    abstract-In a control method for a fuel cell system, a fuel cell side converter that is provided between a fuel cell and an inverter is controlled to step up a fuel cell voltage to an inverter terminal voltage supplied to the inverter. A margin voltage is set to guarantee step-up operation or interruption of operation of the fuel cell side converter. A directly connected state or a voltage transforming state regarding an operation state of an energy storage device side converter is selected such that the inverter terminal voltage is higher than a sum of the margin voltage and the fuel cell voltage. The energy storage device side converter does not transform the energy storage device voltage in the directly connected state. The energy storage device side converter transforms the energy storage device voltage to the inverter terminal voltage in the voltage transforming state.
id-DE102015216762A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Bremsenergierückführungssteuerungsverfahren und ein Bremsenergierückführungssteuerungssystem eines Hybridfahrzeugs mit Doppelmotor und Doppelkupplung. Das Steuerungssystem umfasst: das Bestimmen, ob eine aktuelle Geschwindigkeit des Fahrzeugs größer als eine erste vorbestimmte Geschwindigkeit ist; wenn die aktuelle Geschwindigkeit größer als die erste vorbestimmte Geschwindigkeit ist, das Bestimmen, ob ein Bremspedal gedrückt wird; wenn das Bremspedal gedrückt wird, das Bestimmen, ob die Beschleunigung des Bremspedals größer als ein vorbestimmter Wert ist; wenn die Beschleunigung des Bremspedals größer als der vorbestimmte Wert ist, das Ausführen der Bremsenergierückführung sowohl mit einem Antriebselektromotor als auch mit einem Generator.
id-CN106541933A    abstract-一种制动能量回收控制方法及系统，所述方法包括：制动控制器接收到制动信号时，根据车辆当前状态计算车辆所需制动力；向整车控制器以及液压制动器分配制动力，且分配给所述整车控制器的制动力不大于所述整车控制器反馈的最大输出制动力；所述整车控制器计算当前扭矩指令，当所述当前扭矩指令对应的扭矩小于0时，将实际的最大输出制动力反馈至所述制动控制器；所述制动控制器接收到所述实际的最大输出制动力后，向所述整车控制器发送输出制动力请求；所述整车控制器接收到所述输出制动力请求后，向电机控制器发送控制信号，使得所述电机输出相应扭矩。采用所述方法及系统，可以避免电机扭矩指令快速跳变导致车辆发生震颤抖动的问题。
id-KR101634930B1    abstract-본 발명의 실시 예에 따른 마일드 하이브리드 장치는 엔진과 연결된 모터 발전기를 포함하는 마일드 하이브리드 장치에 있어서, 모터 발전기에서 회생제동된 전기에너지를 충전하는 고전압 배터리, 고전압 배터리와 모터 발전기 상호간의 전압을 변환하는 인버터, 고전압 배터리에 충전된 전압를 전장 부하에 출력하는 컨버터, 컨버터 및 인버터를 제어하는 전자제어유닛를 포함하고, 컨버터의 용량은 전자 부하의 부하량보다 크게 설계된다.
id-JP6411980B2    abstract-
id-EP3351442A1    abstract-Provided is a regenerative coordination brake control device that reduces the frequency of switching regenerative braking between a restricted state, in which regenerative braking is prohibited or suppressed, and a restriction removed state, in which the restriction on regenerative braking is removed. A regenerative coordination brake control device 91 includes a regeneration restriction condition determiner 92, which outputs a regeneration restriction signal S1 when determining that a restriction condition for prohibiting or suppressing regenerative braking is met, an acceleration operation detector 93, which outputs a regeneration restriction removal signal S2 when detecting an acceleration of the vehicle, and a regeneration restriction removal determiner 94, which determines whether a restriction on regenerative braking of the vehicle that is in the restricted state is to be continuously imposed or removed using the regeneration restriction removal signal S2 and the regeneration restriction signal S1. To determine whether regenerative braking in the restricted state of due to the regeneration restriction signal S1 is to be released from the restriction, the regeneration restriction removal determiner 94 determines that the restriction on regenerative braking is to be continuously imposed even without an output of the regeneration restriction signal S1, and the regeneration restriction removal determiner 94 determines that the restriction on regenerative braking is to be removed on condition that the regeneration restriction removal signal S2 is output.
id-DE102016217161A1    abstract-Verfahren zur Bestimmung eines Regenerationszeitplans für ein Fahrzeug mit einem Verbrennungsmotor, einer Elektromaschine, sowie einer Vielzahl von Gierraten-Stellantrieben. Verfahren umfasst die Bestimmung einer zulässigen Gierraten-Änderung basierend auf den dynamischen Bedingungen des Hybridfahrzeugs, einem kombinierten Minderungspotential der Gierraten-Stellantriebe, und einem regenerativen Drehmomentbefehl, der eine tatsächliche Gierraten-Änderung bewirkt. Die Bestimmung des regenerativen Drehmomentbefehls umfasst einen Vergleich der zulässigen Gierraten-Änderung mit dem kombinierten Minderungspotential. Falls das kombinierte Minderungspotential geringer ausfällt als die zulässige Gierraten-Änderung, bewirkt der regenerative Drehmomentbefehl, dass die tatsächliche Gierraten-Änderung begrenzt wird und geringer als die zulässige Gierraten-Änderung ausfällt. Falls das kombinierte Minderungspotential größer ausfällt als die zulässige Gierraten-Änderung, bewirkt der regenerative Drehmomentbefehl, dass die tatsächliche Gierraten-Änderung begrenzt wird und im Wesentlichen mit der zulässigen Gierraten-Änderung übereinstimmt.
id-DE102016114874A1    abstract-Verfahren zur Unterstützung eines Fahrers beim Betrieb, insbesondere beim Abbremsen, eines Kraftfahrzeuges (100), mit einer E-Maschine (10) zum Aufladen eines elektrischen Speichers (11), wobei die E-Maschine (10) mit einem Antriebsstrang (20) des Kraftfahrzeuges (100) koppelbar ist, um den elektrischen Speicher (11) aufzuladen, umfassend folgende Schritte: – Auswerten einer effektiven Aufladung eines elektrischen Speichers (11) durch die E-Maschine beim Abbremsen des Kraftfahrzeuges (100), – Bereitstellen einer Information zur optimalen Betätigung einer, insbesondere mechanischen und elektrischen, Bremse an den Fahrer in Abhängigkeit von der Auswertung, wobei beim Auswerten energetische, insbesondere kinematische, Verluste berücksichtigt werden, die durch Koppeln der E-Maschine (10) mit dem Antriebsstrang (20), insbesondere durch Mitschleppen mindestens einer Komponente (21, 22) des Antriebsstranges (20), entstehen.
id-US10166855B2    abstract-A method of calculating an engine torque request value for a vehicle includes a vehicle controller receiving an regeneration torque request value corresponding to a regeneration torque to be generated by an energy recovery mechanism. The vehicle controller further receives a desired acceleration value, and calculates the engine torque request value based on the regeneration torque request value and the desired acceleration value. The vehicle controller may then operate the engine in accordance with the engine torque request value.
id-DE102015115438A1    abstract-Verfahren zur Unterstützung eines Fahrers beim Betrieb, insbesondere beim Abbremsen, eines Kraftfahrzeuges (100), mit einer E-Maschine (10) zum Aufladen eines elektrischen Speichers (11), wobei die E-Maschine (10) mit einem Antriebsstrang (20) des Kraftfahrzeuges (100) koppelbar ist, um den elektrischen Speicher (11) aufzuladen, umfassend folgende Schritte: – Auswerten einer effektiven Aufladung eines elektrischen Speichers (11) durch die E-Maschine beim Abbremsen des Kraftfahrzeuges (100), – Bereitstellen einer Information zur optimalen Betätigung einer, insbesondere mechanischen und elektrischen, Bremse an den Fahrer in Abhängigkeit von der Auswertung, wobei beim Auswerten energetische, insbesondere kinematische, Verluste berücksichtigt werden, die durch Koppeln der E-Maschine (10) mit dem Antriebsstrang (20), insbesondere durch Mitschleppen mindestens einer Komponente (21, 22) des Antriebsstranges (20), entstehen.
id-US9873420B2    abstract-A method of controlling a vehicle includes calculating a desired deceleration limited regeneration torque request based on a requested deceleration input from a driver. If current dynamic operating conditions of the vehicle are in a performance region that permits an increase to the regeneration torque request, the desired deceleration limited regeneration torque request is increased based on a regeneration torque overhead, to define a modified axle regeneration torque request. Modified torque values are output based on the modified axle regeneration torque request. If the torque control values will cause an estimated yaw rate that is less than a target yaw rate, then the modified torque values are applied. Otherwise, the modified torque values are re-defined until the estimated yaw rate is not greater than the target yaw rate, and the re-defined values of the modified torque values are applied.
id-US20170072941A1    abstract-A method of determining a regeneration schedule for a vehicle having an internal combustion engine, an electric machine, and a plurality of yaw rate actuators. The method includes determining an allowable yaw rate change based on dynamic conditions of the hybrid vehicle, a combined mitigation potential of the yaw rate actuators, and a regeneration torque command that causes an actual yaw rate change. Determining the regeneration torque command includes comparing the allowable yaw rate change to the combined mitigation potential. If the combined mitigation potential is less than the allowable yaw rate change, the regeneration torque command causes or limits the actual yaw rate change to be lower than the allowable yaw rate change. If the combined mitigation potential is greater than the allowable yaw rate change, the regeneration torque command causes or limits the actual yaw rate change to be substantially equal to the allowable yaw rate change.
id-DE102016116680A1    abstract-Ein Verfahren zur Berechnung eines Motordrehmomentanforderungswerts für ein Fahrzeug beinhaltet eine Fahrzeugsteuereinrichtung die einen Regenerationsdrehmomentanforderungswert empfängt, der einem regenerativ zu erzeugenden Drehmoment entspricht, das durch einen Energierückgewinnungsmechanismus zu erzeugen ist. Die Fahrzeugsteuereinrichtung empfängt ferner einen gewünschten Beschleunigungswert und berechnet den Motordrehmomentanforderungswert auf Grundlage des Regenerationsdrehmomentanforderungswerts und des gewünschten Beschleunigungswerts. Die Fahrzeugsteuerung kann dann den Motor in Übereinstimmung mit dem Motordrehmomentanforderungswert betätigen.
id-CN106553554A    abstract-本发明公开了一种制动控制方法及系统，属于汽车制动技术领域，解决了传统的空电联合制动系统节能性能和安全性能较低的技术问题。该制动控制方法包括：采集踏板的开度变化、开度变化速度以及开度变化加速度信息；根据所述踏板的开度变化、开度变化速度以及开度变化加速度信息生成阀门控制信号，所述阀门控制信号用于控制流经阀门的压力空气的压力；发送所述阀门控制信号。
id-CN107021090B    abstract-本发明涉及混合动力车辆。车辆包括：发动机；MG(电动发电机)1；MG2；机械地联接至发动机以及MG1和MG2的行星齿轮装置；电池；被构造成对来自电池的电压升压的转换器；被构造成在转换器和MG1之间或转换器和MG2之间执行电力转换的逆变器；和控制器。MG1在被发动机旋转时产生反电动势电压，并且在反电动势电压变得大于转换器的输出电压时，产生制动扭矩。在使所述逆变器处于栅极切断状态并且驱动发动机以使MG1产生反电动势扭矩的少逆变器行驶控制期间，控制器在电池的可充电电力低于预定值时减小反电动势电压和转换器的输出电压之间的电压差。
id-DE102015217832A1    abstract-Ein Kraftfahrzeug (100) umfasst eine elektrische Antriebsmaschine (105) und einen elektrischen Energiespeicher (115, 120). Ein Verfahren zum Steuern des Kraftfahrzeugs (100) umfasst Schritte des Erfassens einer Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeit und einer maximal zulässigen Geschwindigkeit; und des Verzögerns des Kraftfahrzeugs (100), um die Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeit unter der maximal zulässigen Geschwindigkeit zu halten, wobei das Verzögern mittels der elektrischen Antriebsmaschine (105) erfolgt und eine durch die Antriebsmaschine (105) bereitgestellte elektrische Energie im Energiespeicher (115, 120) gespeichert wird.
id-CN108349397B    abstract-实施方式的铁路用电力变换装置具备：变压器，所述变压器的一次绕组经由集电装置电连接于架线；主电力变换装置，连接于变压器的次级绕组，连接于驱动用马达；副电力变换装置，连接于变压器的三次绕组，对搭载于铁路车辆的被驱动对象的辅机供给电力；切断装置，将变压器与架线进行电切断；检测器，设置于架线与切断装置之间，检测来自架线的电力的供给的有无；以及控制部，在根据检测器的输出至少不进行来自所述架线的电力的供给的无电区间的通过期间中，在由切断装置将变压器与架线进行了电切断的状态下，使主电力变换装置经由变压器将驱动用马达的再生电力供给到所述副电力变换装置，所以即使在区段通过时也能够继续大电力向辅机的电力供给。
id-EP3144175A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method for controlling an electric vehicle (1), in particular a railway vehicle, having a three phase electric machine (7) for accelerating and/or decelerating the vehicle, the three phase electric machine includes a stator and a rotor, the method comprising the following steps: determining a current (I1) of a first phase of the three phase electric machine, determining a current (I2) of a second phase of the three phase electric machine, determining the angular position (p) of the rotor, and determining an estimated torque of the three phase electric machine based on the current of the first phase, the current of the second phase and the angular position of the rotor, controlling the electric vehicle based on the estimated torque..
id-EP3368367B1    abstract-
id-JP6569446B2    abstract-
id-JP6818481B2    abstract-
id-US20170120892A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus of the invention is applied to a hybrid vehicle. The apparatus executes an enlarged regeneration control for applying an increased regeneration braking force larger than a normal regeneration braking force to at least one vehicle wheel when a position where it is predicted that a deceleration of the hybrid vehicle ends is set as a target deceleration end position and the acceleration operation amount is zero. The apparatus executes a downslope prediction control when determining that a downslope zone exists on a scheduled traveling route of the hybrid vehicle in order to decrease a battery charge amount. The apparatus forbids an execution of the enlarged regeneration control when both a condition for executing the downslope prediction control and a condition for executing the enlarged regeneration control are satisfied.
id-EP3369633B1    abstract-
id-CN106560363B    abstract-本发明提供一种用于控制混合动力车辆的电池SOC的方法和系统，以利用用于控制混合动力车辆的辅助电池SOC平衡的差异化策略提高城市地区的燃料效率。考虑到根据混合动力车辆中LDC电压控制而定的电场负载消耗对燃料效率的影响程度基于驱动模式和道路坡度可变，所述方法和系统利用控制辅助电池SOC平衡的差异化策略提高城市地区的燃料效率。
id-US10688871B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus equipped on an electrically driven vehicle having road wheels and an electric motor for driving the road wheels for running. An operation unit is provided for the driver of the vehicle to select a magnitude of the braking force to be generated by the electric motor during regenerative braking. A determination unit determines, on the basis of conditions of the electrically driven vehicle, whether or not a selected braking force selected through the operation unit is acceptable. A notifier unit is constructed such that, in a case where the selected braking force is determined to be unacceptable by the determination unit, the notifier unit provides a corresponding notification to the driver.
id-US10457534B2    abstract-A heavy-duty lift truck designed as a mast-based apparatus comprising a mast, a load accepting means is mounted on the mast in such a way that it can be raised and lowered, and the heavy-duty lift truck is designed at least for a load capacity of 8 tons, with the heavy-duty lift truck comprising a powertrain with a travel drive that comprises an electric drive unit whereby the heavy-duty lift truck has greater energy efficiency.
id-US10029689B2    abstract-A control apparatus applied to a hybrid vehicle of the invention executes a regeneration control for charging a battery with electricity generated by a motor generator while applying regeneration braking force to the vehicle from the motor generator. The apparatus executes an enlarged regeneration control for charging the battery with the electricity generated by the motor generator while applying increased regeneration braking force to the vehicle from the motor generator when a target deceleration end position is set. The apparatus executes a control for controlling a vehicle speed to a speed equal to or smaller than an upper limit speed when a control execution request is generated. The apparatus forbids the enlarged regeneration control when the control execution request is generated and the vehicle speed is equal to or larger than a threshold vehicle speed smaller than the upper limit speed.
id-CN106965787A    abstract-本发明涉及车辆控制装置。车辆控制装置包括控制器，该控制器被构造成当发出产生要求制动力的指令并且执行车辆运动控制时，在车轮之中的特定车轮中改变再生制动力与摩擦制动力之间的比，使得该特定车轮中的所述比与每个其它车轮中的再生制动力与摩擦制动力之间的比不同。
id-CN106627560A    abstract-本发明提供一种用于混合动力车的换档控制的方法，包括：确定由换档操作引起的变速器目标速度；和在发动机扭矩保持为当前扭矩的状态下，执行控制电机扭矩的扭矩干涉控制，直到所述变速器的输入轴速度达到目标速度，其中执行所述扭矩干涉控制的步骤包括：检测电机速度；根据所述电机速度，基于所述电机的充电功率获得最大化所述电机的充电功率的电机操作点；和基于所述电机操作点控制所述电机扭矩。
id-WO2017063832A1    abstract-Offenbart wird ein Fahrzeugbordnetz (BZ), insb. eines Hybridelektro-/Elektrofahrzeugs, mit folgenden Merkmalen: - mindestens ein Wechselstromaggregat (WA); - mindestens ein Gleichstromaggregat (GA); - mindestens eine Brückenschaltung (BS) zum Bereitstellen von Wechselströmen für das mindestens eine Wechselstromaggregat (WA), die mindestens eine Halbbrücke (HB) mit mindestens einem positivspannungsseitigen Halbleiterschalter (HS1) und mindestens einem negativspannungsseitigen Halbleiterschalter (HS2) umfasst; und - mindestens einen Strompfad (SP), der einen Stromanschluss (SA) des mindestens einen Gleichstromaggregats (GA) mit einem Stromanschluss (AS) zwischen dem mindestens einen positivspannungsseitigen (HS1) und dem mindestens einen negativspannungsseitigen (HS2) Halbleiterschalter der mindestens einen Halbbrücke (HB) elektrisch verbindet.
id-CN106627561B    abstract-本公开描述了一种包括储能装置和配置成实现再生制动的动力系系统的车辆。一种用于控制该车辆的方法包括：确定在车辆的预计下一行程期间通过采用再生制动进行时机充电所实现的储能装置的充电状态的预期增加。储能装置的充电状态的优选设定点基于通过时机充电所实现的充电状态的预期增加来确定，而储能装置的充电基于在远程充电事件期间储能装置的充电状态的优选设定点来控制。
id-WO2017060444A1    abstract-The invention relates to an arrangement comprising a direct current, DC, traction power network (1) adapted for supplying electrical energy to a rail system (4), a transformer (14), and an energy recuperation device (3) adapted for returning surplus electrical energy of the DC traction power network (1) into an AC traction network (5) and/or an energy storage system (6) adapted for storing surplus electrical energy of the DC traction power network (1) and for feeding back the stored electrical energy into the DC traction power network (1), whereby the transformer (14) is electrically connected in series between the DC traction power network (1) and the energy recuperation device (3) and/or the energy storage system (6), and/or, comprising the energy recuperation device (3) electrically connected in series between the DC traction power network (1) and the transformer (14).
id-CN106560339B    abstract-一种用于运行具有电驱动装置的机动车的方法，在驱动运行模式中将驱动装置的电机作为马达运行，在再生运行模式中将电机作为发电机运行，在充电运行模式中以在外部提供的电能给储能器充电，直至达到预先给定的预期荷电状态。在实施再生运行模式时，查明在其中行驶的再生行驶路程及再生能量并作为行驶路程数据存储在行驶路程存储器中和/或传送给外部数据存储装置，并在切换为充电运行模式时或在其中预测性地查明机动车的可能的行驶路程，针对其从行驶路程存储器读出和/或由外部数据存储装置调用行驶路程数据，将预期荷电状态设定为一个值，其由储能器的最大荷电状态和在行驶路程数据中存储的再生能量求得。一种具有电驱动装置的机动车。
id-CN105333035A    abstract-本发明属于汽车制动能回收领域，尤其涉及一种基于空气压缩的制动发电机构，它包括刹车盘、刹车盘凸起、制动机构支撑、制动能机械转化机构、刹车片支架、液压柱、发电机、空气马达、压缩缸、气罐、活塞，其中刹车片支架安装在制动机构支撑上，当刹车盘旋转时，制动过程初期，刹车片逐渐靠近刹车盘，顶块先与凸起接触配合，顶块沿着圆柱导轨方向往复直线运动，通过配合带动各个活塞往复运动，从而驱动空气马达带动发电机发电；刹车后期，刹车片开始接触刹车盘并产生较大的摩擦力，对车轮进行强刹。本发明通过顶块与凸起的配合，将制动能量转化为往复运动，从而带动空气马达进而驱动发电机发电，能有效的利用制动能量，增加了汽车的节能效果。
id-JP6643030B2    abstract-
id-EP3173282B1    abstract-
id-DE102015013301B3    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Hochspannungs-Fahrzeugheizung (10), mit einem Steuergerät (12), mit einem elektrischen Heizelement (14), das dazu vorgesehen ist, ein Heizmedium (16) zu erwärmen, und mit einer ersten Datenschnittstelle (18), über die ein Heizanforderungssignal empfangen werden kann, das eine externe Heizanforderung repräsentiert, wobei das Steuergerät (12) einen ersten Datensatz bestimmt, der zumindest eine erste elektrische Leistung repräsentiert, mit der das elektrische Heizelement zu betreiben ist, um die externe Heizanforderung zu erfüllen, wobei das Steuergerät (12) auf der Grundlage eines Parameterdatensatzes einen zweiten Datensatz bestimmt, der zumindest eine zweite elektrische Leistung repräsentiert, die dem elektrischen Heizelement (14) zusätzlich zu der ersten elektrischen Leistung zugeführt werden kann, ohne dass eine Beschädigung der Fahrzeugheizung (10) zu befürchten ist.
id-CN105346400A    abstract-本发明涉及一种具有制动能量回收功能的新能源汽车，包括若干车轮、设置在车轮一侧的制动机构、两个相互平行的连接轴、承重轴、设置在承重轴上的驱动机构和中控装置，所述连接轴两端均设有车轮，所述制动机构和驱动机构均与车轮连接，所述制动机构和驱动机构均与中控装置电连接，所述承重轴上设有蓄电池，所述蓄电池与中控装置电连接，所述制动机构包括制动片、制动阀、制动控制装置和液压调节装置，该具有制动能量回收功能的新能源汽车通过制动控制装置控制制动阀对制动片进行制动，对汽车进行制动和对制动能量回收，保证了汽车的续航能力，不仅如此，通过液压检测模块对汽车的制动效果得到很大的提升。
id-US20160031323A1    abstract-The present disclosure is related to a method to control a contactor tip assembly associated with a grid of an electric drive system is provided. The contactor tip assembly includes at least one first contactor tip and at least one second contactor tip. The method includes introducing a delay signal associated with an operation of at least one of the first contactor tip and the second contactor tip. Further, the operation includes a closing event and an opening event thereof. The method also includes controlling the operation of the first and second contactor tips in an alternate manner. Further, a delay is present between a sequential operation of one of the first and second contactor tips and the other of the first and second contactor tips based, at least in part, on the introduced delay signal.
id-CN105346556B    abstract-基于TCMS分配制动力的城铁车辆制动力管理方法属于城铁车辆控制技术领域，该管理方法优先使用电制动力，空气制动作为电制动力不足时的补充，电制动与空气制动实时协调配合，在电制动能力足够的情况下不使用空气制动，达到能量最大程度反馈电网，闸瓦磨耗大大减少的目的；当电制动能力不足时，优先在拖车和电制动故障的动车上补充空气制动，达到最大黏着后，再在电制动正常的动车上平均补充空气制动，以实现各车制动力较为平均的分配，减少各车间相互作用力，以及加强车辆寿命的目的；制动过程及启动过程中，根据整车冲动限制要求线性控制制动力施加，实现车辆冲动降低，牵引力、电制动和空气制动的转换平滑。
id-US10076960B2    abstract-Systems, methods, and devices are described with respect to storing energy in an electric vehicle. At least one coil winding located in a wheel assembly is provided, where the wheel assembly includes a tire and a rim. At least one charge storage device located in the wheel assembly is provided. At least one electrical storage unit located within the electric vehicle is provided, where an induced charge resulting from the at least one winding passing through an electromagnetic field is stored in the at least one charge storage device and transferred to the at least one electrical storage unit via the rim of the wheel assembly. Moreover, a charging capacity for the at least one charge storage device may change to cause the electric vehicle to slow.
id-US20180312078A1    abstract-A controller for a motor vehicle powertrain, the controller being configured to control the amount of torque generated by each of a plurality of drive torque sources in order to generate a net torque corresponding to a predetermined torque demand value, the predetermined torque demand value being determined at least in part by reference to a torque demand signal received by the controller, each drive torque source being coupled via a respective torque transfer arrangement to a respective group of one or more wheels, the controller being configured to cause at least one drive torque source to generate positive or negative torque in dependence on the predetermined torque demand value and to cause the drive torque source to undergo a torque reversal operation in which the direction of torque generated by the at least one drive torque sources changes from one direction to the other, the controller being configured wherein, during a torque reversal operation, the controller limits the rate of change of torque generated by the at least one of the plurality of drive torque sources as the amount of torque generated passes through zero and attempts to compensate for the reduction in rate of change of torque by a corresponding change in the amount of torque generated by one or more other of the plurality of drive torque sources.
id-US10946764B2    abstract-A controller is applied to a vehicle including an engine ( 11 ) and a motor generator ( 12  and  13 ) as power sources of the vehicle and a battery ( 20 ) that transfers power with the motor generator. The controller charges the battery with a regeneration power that is a power regenerated by the motor generator when the vehicle is decelerated. The controller includes a SOC prediction unit ( 39, 50  and  205 ) to predict a SOC indicating a remaining capacity of the battery in a scheduled travel route of the vehicle, based on a predicted result of a road grade and a vehicle speed in the scheduled travel route, a discharge control unit ( 39, 52, 206, 208  and  301  to  303 ) to execute a discharge increasing control to previously increase a discharge quantity of the battery to prevent the battery from becoming in a saturation state based on a predicted SOC that is the SOC predicted by the SOC prediction unit, when the discharge control unit determines that the battery becomes in the saturation state where the battery cannot be charged with the regeneration power based on the predicted SOC, a determination unit ( 39  and  105  to  109 ) to determine whether a behavior of the predicted SOC shifts from a behavior of an actual SOC or determine whether a SOC shift factor occurs, after a start of the discharge increasing control, where the SOC shift factor is a vehicle control or an environment change that predicts the behavior of the predicted SOC shifts from the behavior of the actual SOC, and a correction unit ( 39, 110, 201  to  209  and  301  to  303 ) to correct the discharge increasing control by executing a prediction of the SOC in the scheduled travel route again, when the determination unit determines that the behavior of the predicted SOC shifts from the behavior of the actual SOC or determines that the SOC shift factor occurs.
id-KR101986472B1    abstract-차량이 주행하는 노면 구배의 크기를 검출하여, 노면 구배의 크기가 증가하면, 제동력을, 미리 설정한 기본 제동력을 노면 구배의 크기에 따라 감소 보정하거나, 혹은 구동력을, 미리 설정한 기본 구동력을 노면 구배의 크기에 따라 증가 보정하고, 노면 구배의 크기가 감소하면, 제동력을, 기본 제동력을 노면 구배의 크기에 따라 증가 보정하거나, 혹은 구동력을, 기본 구동력을 노면 구배의 크기에 따라 감소 보정하고, 보정한 제동력 또는 구동력을 발생시킨다.
id-US10507735B2    abstract-A power supply system includes first and second energy storages, a power transmission circuit, and circuitry. The circuitry configured to control the power transmission circuit to supply power from at least one of the first energy storage and the second energy storage to an electric load when a first remaining capacity value is larger than a first threshold value. The circuitry configured to control the power transmission circuit to supply power from the first energy storage or both of the first energy storage and the second energy storage to the electric load when the first remaining capacity value is smaller than the first threshold value. The circuitry configured to control the power transmission circuit to stop supplying power from the first energy storage to the electric load when the first remaining capacity value is smaller than a second threshold value which is smaller than the first threshold value.
id-CN106809020B    abstract-本发明公开了一种车辆的辅助制动方法、系统及车辆，其中，辅助制动方法包括以下步骤：根据制动踏板开度确定再生制动力矩；根据再生制动力矩和驱动电机的转速得到制动回馈功率；根据动力电池的电池状态得到动力电池的最大允许充电功率；当制动回馈功率大于动力电池的最大允许充电功率时，根据动力电池的最大允许充电功率确定制动回馈功率的分配关系；根据制动回馈功率的分配关系对动力电池和电解储能模块供电，以通过动力电池和电解储能模块进行能量回收。本发明的车辆的辅助制动方法能够有效提升车辆制动的稳定性和平顺性，提高制动的舒适性，并且有效提高制动能量的回馈率，降低车辆的能耗。
id-CN106985954B    abstract-本发明涉及一种电动机的再生控制装置、电动机的再生驱动装置及电动辅助车辆。能够在电动辅助车辆的各种行驶状态下，通过使再生控制在大范围内工作而增加回收再生电力的机会。电动机的再生控制装置包括：车轮旋转检测部，设置于车辆，对通过利用人力而旋转的曲轴所驱动的车轮的旋转量进行检测；曲轴旋转检测部，对所述曲轴的旋转量进行检测；及控制部，基于所述车轮的旋转量算出第1值，且，基于所述曲轴的旋转量算出第2值，基于所述第1值及所述第2值中的至少所述第2值，算出用以对蓄电装置进行再生控制的控制信息，并基于所述控制信息控制所述电动机的再生量，所述蓄电装置通过向所述车轮供给驱动力的电动机而进行再生充电。
id-CN107031431B    abstract-本发明提供一种电力供给系统，其能够使用由电负载产生的再生电力以适当的样态对两个蓄电装置进行充电。电力供给系统(1)的控制装置(5)具有如下功能：控制电力传输电路部(11)，以便根据表示从电负载(100)输出的再生电力的大小的再生量指标值和第二蓄电装置(3)的剩余容量中的至少任一方，使再生电力中的第一蓄电装置(2)的充电量和第二蓄电装置(3)的充电量的比例变化。
id-US10625717B2    abstract-A brake control device includes a mechanical brake output determination unit configured to determine the stage number of a braking force on the basis of a target deceleration of a moving body from one or a plurality of braking force stages output from a mechanical brake included in the moving body, a mechanical braking force estimation unit configured to estimate braking force of the mechanical brake corresponding to the stage number determined by the mechanical brake output determination unit, and a regenerative brake control unit configured to output a regenerative brake command value such that a regenerative brake included in the moving body outputs a braking force corresponding to a difference between target braking force based on the target deceleration and the braking force estimated by the mechanical braking force estimation unit.
id-US10179557B2    abstract-Multi-voltage on-board electrical system of a motor vehicle, comprising at least three flat cables extending substantially in parallel with one another in the longitudinal direction thereof, and at least two voltage sources, wherein a first of the flat cables is connected in an electrically conductive manner to a first pole of a first of the voltage sources, a second of the flat cables is connected in an electrically conductive manner to a first pole of a second of the voltage sources, and a third of the flat cables arranged between the first and the second flat cable is connected in an electrically conductive manner to a second pole of the first and/or second voltage source.
id-CN107342619B    abstract-本发明提供一种车辆用电源装置。能够稳定地控制蓄电体和发动机。具有：电动发电机(16)，其与发动机连结；锂离子电池(27)，其与电动发电机连接；车体设备组(39)，其与锂离子电池并联地与电动发电机连接；消耗电流推定部(60)，其基于电动发电机的发电电流和锂离子电池的充放电电流推定车体设备组(39)的消耗电流；充放电电流设定部(61)，其基于锂离子电池的充电状态设定锂离子电池的目标充放电电流；发电电流设定部(62)，其基于车体设备组的消耗电流和锂离子电池的目标充放电电流设定电动发电机(16)的目标发电电流；以及发电电流控制部(63)，其基于电动发电机的目标发电电流控制电动发电机的发电电流。
id-US11056980B2    abstract-A power converter ( 10 ) for operating a first electric machine ( 12 ) and a second electric machine ( 14 ), comprising:      a first converter element ( 16 ), a second converter element ( 18 ) and a first terminal connection ( 21 ), a second terminal connection ( 22 ) and a third terminal connection ( 23 ) for connecting the power converter ( 10 ) to a three-phase energy supply ( 60 ), wherein the first converter element ( 16 ) comprises a first rectifier circuit ( 31 ) and a second rectifier circuit ( 32 ), the second converter element ( 18 ) comprises a third rectifier circuit ( 33 ), wherein the first rectifier circuit ( 31 ) has a first AC-side pole ( 51 ) and a second AC-side pole ( 52 ), the second rectifier circuit ( 32 ) has a third AC-side pole ( 53 ) and a fourth AC-side pole ( 54 ) and the third rectifier circuit ( 33 ) has a fifth AC-side pole ( 55 ) and a sixth AC-side pole ( 56 ), the first rectifier circuit ( 31 ) and the second rectifier circuit ( 32 ) are connected in parallel on the DC-voltage side and are connected to a common first DC-voltage-side pole ( 41 ) and a common second DC-voltage-side pole ( 42 ), wherein the third rectifier circuit ( 33 ) is connected on the DC-voltage side to a third DC-voltage-side pole ( 43 ) and a fourth DC-voltage-side pole ( 44 ), wherein the first DC-voltage-side pole ( 41 ) is at least connectable to the third DC-voltage-side pole ( 43 ) by means of a first current path ( 36 ) and the second DC-voltage-side pole ( 42 ) is at least connectable to the fourth DC-voltage-side pole ( 44 ) by means of a second current path ( 37 ), wherein at least the first current path ( 36 ) or the second current path ( 37 ) comprises a semiconductor switch ( 64 ).
id-US11479124B2    abstract-A regenerative braking controller for an AC motor. To determine an electromagnetic torque for slowing or stopping the motor, the regenerative braking controller accesses a lookup table to retrieve a braking torque value corresponding to a current estimate of rotor velocity. The retrieved braking torque may correspond to a maximum or minimum torque level at which regenerative braking will occur at the current rotor velocity, or to a torque level at which charging current during regenerative braking will be maximized. If an external mechanical brake is present, the regenerative braking controller can forward an external braking torque signal to a controller so that the mechanical brake can apply the remainder of the braking force beyond that indicated by the regenerative braking torque. A method for establishing the braking torques to be stored in the lookup table is also disclosed.
id-CN106671790A    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于车辆制动能量回馈的控制器、方法、系统及汽车。其中，该用于车辆制动能量回馈的控制器包括：参数标定模块，被配置为根据车辆实际驾驶情况，预先为车辆的每个档位分别标定独立的回馈参数。档位判断模块，被配置为判断出车辆当前档位。参数读取模块，被配置为在需要进行能量回馈时，读取出预先为所述车辆当前档位标定的回馈参数。回馈操作模块，被配置为利用所述参数读取模块读取出的回馈参数控制驱动电机执行回馈操作。该控制器使得车辆在运行过程中无论处在哪个档位下，一旦发生回馈制动情况均能执行与档位适应的能量回馈，解决了回馈制动情况下低档位舒适性差和高档位能量回收少的问题。
id-WO2017084977A1    abstract-Ein Aspekt der Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Verändern einer im Schubbetrieb wirksamen Schubrekuperation eines Kraftfahrzeugs mit zumindest einer zur Rekuperation einsetzbaren elektrischen Maschine. Das Fahrzeug umfasst ein seitens des Fahrers betätigbares Bremspedal zum Verzögerung des Fahrzeugs. Gemäß dem Verfahren wird eine Betätigung des Bremspedals während einer Bergabfahrt festgestellt. Das Verfahren geht zunächst von einem Betrieb des Fahrzeugs in einem Rekuperationsmodus mit einer im Vergleich zum späteren Umschalten niedrigeren Rekuperation aus. In Reaktion auf das Feststellen einer Betätigung des Bremspedals während der Bergabfahrt erfolgt ein Umschalten in einen Rekuperationsmodus mit erhöhter Schubrekuperation. Nach Beenden einer Betätigung des Bremspedals ist im Schubbetrieb die erhöhte Schubrekuperation wirksam.
id-CN106696717A    abstract-一种用于车辆的能量回收控制方法，液压制动助力控制器HBB进入激活状态，接收蓄电池剩余容量SOC当前状态值；若蓄电池剩余容量SOC大于蓄电池的饱和容量，则仅由液压制动助力负责车辆的制动助力；若蓄电池剩余容量SOC小于等于蓄电池的饱和容量，则电机回馈制动介入车辆的制动助力。一种车辆，其使用了上述用于车辆的能量回收控制方法进行能量回收。本发明的用于车辆的能量回收控制方法针对具有电机、动力电池机构的新能源车辆，在保证期望制动力矩的前提下，协调液压制动力矩与电机力矩，通过电机控制系统的工作来减少液压制动系统的工作，提高电子稳定控制器的电机寿命、减少制动器的损耗。
id-JP2017099242A    abstract-【課題】２つの蓄電装置のうち、エネルギー密度が相対的に高い蓄電装置の劣化の進行を抑制する電力供給システムを提供する。【解決手段】電力供給システムの制御装置は、電気負荷の要求出力の変化に応じた第１蓄電装置の出力の変化の感度が、要求出力の変化に応じた第２蓄電装置の出力又は入力の変化の感度に比して相対的に低感度になる態様で、要求出力に対応する給電量を電気負荷に給電するように電力伝送回路部を制御する処理を、要求出力がゼロと所定の第Ａ閾値（DT_th4，DT_th2）との間の範囲内に属している状態において実行する。【選択図】図５
id-US20170120773A1    abstract-A battery system may include multiple battery cells having different chemistries. To achieve certain performance goals, voltage parameters for the battery system, such as cruising voltages and maximum voltages can be adjusted. These adjustments may, for example, direct charging currents to a lithium-ion battery to increase fuel economy or may direct charging currents away from a lithium-ion battery to increase its longevity. Methods for matching batteries having different chemistries based on their open circuit voltages are also discussed.
id-CN108290572A    abstract-车辆控制装置(50)具有：搜索部，所述搜索部基于由导航装置(60)供给的地理信息，搜索适合电动机(32)进行再生的下坡之前的减速开始位置；以及充电率控制部，当车辆(100)已到达减速开始位置时，所述充电率控制部进行使车速降低以使蓄电池(40)的充电率降低的减速控制。在充电率控制部进行减速控制的过程中，使车辆(100)的驱动力降低至仅通过电动机输出而得到的驱动力，从而使车速降低。
id-US20170151940A1    abstract-An ECU performs control processing including setting a recommended gear position when a manual shift change mode has been set, calculating an estimated value for regenerative electric power during off of an accelerator when a current gear position is equal to or higher than the recommended gear position, when the accelerator is on, and when a catalyst is being warmed up, and providing an up-shift representation when magnitude of the estimated value is greater than upper limit charging power Win and when the up-shift representation is not prohibited.
id-US10137787B2    abstract-A regenerative controller for an electric motor includes: a wheel rotation detection unit provided on a vehicle and detecting a rotation amount of a wheel that is driven via a crank rotated by human power; a crank rotation detection unit that detects a rotation amount of the crank; and a controller that calculates a first value based on the rotation amount of the wheel, a second value based on the rotation amount of the crank, and a control parameter based on at least the second value among the first value and the second value for regenerative control of a power storage device regeneratively charged by an electric motor that supplies driving power to the wheel, the controller controlling a regeneration amount of the electric motor in accordance with the control parameter.
id-CN105365585A    abstract-本发明公开了基于超级电容的城市轨道交通列车制动方法及系统。方法包括储能步骤和释能步骤；储能步骤具体包括子步骤：S11，在列车制动时，利用超级电容吸收列车制动时的制动能量；释能步骤具体包括子步骤：S21，在列车系统需要用电时，利用超级电容释放能量提供动能。系统包括其包括牵引单元、接触网单元和储能单元，牵引单元、接触网单元和储能单元彼此互相连接。本发明一种基于超级电容的新型制动系统通过与车辆牵引制动系统的匹配设计，可以替代制动电阻，实现车辆运行的节能减排，同时也减少了地铁制动热量的散发，有效降低了隧道温升，具有良好的经济和社会效益。本发明可广泛应用于各种轨道交通车辆系统中。
id-JP6223406B2    abstract-
id-US20170320484A1    abstract-Systems and methods for operating a transmission of a hybrid powertrain that includes a motor/generator are described. The systems and methods may classify transmission degradation in response to an estimated transmission input shaft speed that is determined from transmission output shaft speed. In one example, transmission degradation may be correctable transmission degradation, partial transmission degradation, and continuous transmission degradation.
id-JP2017094834A    abstract-【課題】燃料の噴射が停止していると共にモータージェネレーターが回生発電している状態の走行中において、エンジンフリクションを低減することで、バッテリーの充電量を増加して、燃費を向上するハイブリッド車両及びその制御方法を提供する。【解決手段】制御装置８０が、エンジン１０の燃料の噴射が停止していると共に、モータージェネレーター３１が回生発電している状態の走行中に、可変翼ターボチャージャー５７の可変翼６４を開く制御、ＥＧＲバルブ５３を開く制御、並びに、可変動弁機構６５により排気バルブ４８を圧縮行程で開く制御のうちのいずれか一つ、あるいはいずれか二つの組み合わせ、あるいは全部を行う構成にした。【選択図】図４
id-US20170137020A1    abstract-A driving force control system for a hybrid vehicle is provided to reduce a shock resulting from switching a travelling direction between the forward direction and the backward direction. The control system is applied to a hybrid vehicle in which an operating mode can be selected at least from a series mode and a series parallel mode. A travelling direction of the vehicle is switched by a shifting device between forward direction and backward direction. A controller is configured to maintain the previous operating mode after switching the travelling direction of the vehicle by the shifting device.
id-US20190202434A1    abstract-A vehicle control device includes an engine, and a motor that is driven by power to be supplied from a battery, the vehicle control device controlling a vehicle that uses at least one of engine output and motor output as a driving force. The vehicle control device includes a regeneration control and a downhill-acceleration control unit. The regeneration control unit causes the motor to perform regeneration on a downhill. The downhill-acceleration control unit performs downhill acceleration control for causing, in a specific zone on the downhill, the vehicle to travel at increased speed without allowing the vehicle to use the engine output as drive output, and without causing the motor to perform the regeneration.
id-CN105799501B    abstract-本发明公开了一种分离轴式双动力混合的工程车，其包括：前轮电驱动系统，其通过电力驱动方式为前轮提供动力；后轮机械传动系统，其通过机械传动方式为后轮提供动力；整车控制器，其与所述前轮电驱动系统和所述后轮机械传动系统电连接，所述整车控制器设置为：当工程车的车速小于设定阈值时，所述整车控制器控制所述前轮电驱动系统为前轮提供动力，且所述后轮机械传动系统为后轮提供动力；当不小于时，所述前轮电驱动系统不为前轮提供动力，而所述后轮机械传动系统为后轮提供动力，本发明克服了车辆在重车启步、爬坡等工况下行驶困难的难题，避免了后轮机械传动系统因燃料燃烧不充分引起的环境污染问题。
id-CN105946569B    abstract-本发明提供一种工程车的电储能系统，其包括：发电机，其与变速箱的一个动力输出口连接，且在变速箱带动下转动；与发电机电连接的发电机控制器，用于接收整车控制器的命令来控制发电机工作；整车控制器，其与发电机控制器电连接，整车控制器用于判定工程车是否满足发电条件，当满足时向发电机控制器发送命令进而控制发电机发电；本发明还提供一种工程车的电储能系统的控制方法，本发明大幅度提高了发动机的输出效率，可在发动机怠速、制动过程中,将能量充分地给电池组充电，从而为车辆上的一些电机驱动单元储备能量，同时减少了电池的外充电次数，减小了车辆因给电池组充电引起的出勤率降低的概率，间接地提高了车辆运行时间。
id-US20170151890A1    abstract-A kit for retrofitting a golf cart having wheels driven by an electric motor. The kit includes a replacement motor controller for operating the electric motor. The replacement motor controller includes memory for storing motor operation limits corresponding to the golf cart. A driving parameter programmer is in communication with the replacement motor controller for selecting one or more driving parameters including: acceleration limit; speed limit; regenerative braking limit; and vehicle range. The replacement motor controller adjusts a motor control profile in real-time based on selection of the driving parameter, and the replacement motor controller maintains the motor control profile within the motor operation limits stored in the memory.
id-WO2017087038A1    abstract-A battery system may include a first battery module that outputs a first voltage and a first current, a second battery module configured to output a second voltage and second current, and a display that depicts visualizations. The battery system may include a processor that may receive an indication to monitor a selected battery module comprising the first battery module or the second battery module, receive properties to monitor regarding the selected battery module, receive data regarding the properties from sensor circuitry configured receive the data from one or more sensors associated with the selected battery module, and generate visualizations that correspond to the one or more properties. Each of the visualizations may indicate a current value that corresponds to each of the properties based on the data. The processor may then display the visualizations on the display.
id-DE102015221951A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Überprüfung einer Überwachung hinsichtlich wenigstens einer mit einer Beschleunigung eines Kraftfahrzeugs korrelierten Größe, wobei in einer Funktionsebene (110) wenigstens eine Vorgabe (115) für die wenigstens eine Größe erzeugt wird, wobei in einer Überwachungsebene (120) die wenigstens eine Vorgabe (115) überwacht wird, indem ermittelt wird, ob ein Istwert (122) der wenigstens einen Größe um mehr als einen Schwellwert von einem Sollwert (121) der wenigstens einen Größe abweicht, und wobei die Überwachung unter Berücksichtigung einer Differenz (124) zwischen dem Sollwert (121) und dem Istwert (122) der wenigstens einen Größe überprüft wird.
id-DE102015014336A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betrieb eines Fahrzeugs (1) mit einem Antrieb (2), insbesondere einem Hybridantrieb, umfassend einen Verbrennungsmotor und einen Elektromotor, oder einem Elektroantrieb eines Elektromotors, wobei bei einer identifizierten Bergabfahrt des Fahrzeugs (1) ein Gefälle (G) ermittelt wird und anhand des Gefälles (G) ein Rekuperationsmoment (Rm) des Elektromotors derart vergrößert wird, dass eine Eigenbeschleunigung des Fahrzeugs (1) reduziert oder verhindert wird. Des Weiteren betrifft die Erfindung eine Vorrichtung zum Betrieb des Fahrzeugs (1).
id-JP6686384B2    abstract-
id-KR20170057769A    abstract-본 발명의 일실시예에 따른 배터리 정보 가변을 통한 차량 주행 제어 장치는, 주행중 배터리를 충전하는 변환기; 상기 배터리의 배터리 정보를 센싱하는 센서; 및 상기 배터리 정보가 현재 미리 설정되는 노말 운영 영역 이상으로 상승하였는지에 따라 상기 배터리 정보의 미리 설정되는 중심 영역 및 운영 영역을 상향 조정 또는 하향 조정하는 중심 영역 가변 제어를 수행하는 제어기;를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 할 수 있다.
id-US20170129343A1    abstract-The present Invention provides a device that is capable of charging an electric battery as the vehicle Is driven, thereby extending the mileage of an electric or hybrid vehicle. The device includes a gear assembly that Is built directly into the car rim. The assembly of gears are Installed to rotate with the rotation of the rim, whereby one smaller gear is further connected to a generator, which then provides electricity to the battery with the movement of the gear.
