id-EP2801495B1    abstract-
id-US8996227B2    abstract-A power control system for controlling a power network of a hybrid electrical vehicle, is provided. The power control system includes a power generating unit, one or more energy storage units coupled to a power converting unit, an electrical load. The power control system further includes a control logic module for controlling the power generating unit and the power converting unit. The control logic module is configured to identify a power demand from the electrical load and to select the power generating unit or one of the one or more energy storage units to control a voltage level of the power network based on the identified power demand, based on electrical characteristics of the power generating unit, of the power converting unit, and of the electrical load, and based on a current mode of operation of the vehicle.
id-US9043085B2    abstract-A system includes a source of regenerative power that generates power during a regenerative event, an electrical energy storage system connected with the source of regenerative power to receive and store regenerative power during the regenerative event, an accessory load that reduces an amount of energy stored in the energy storage system when being powered, a source of information, and an accessory load controller. The accessory load controller is responsive to the source of information to estimate when a next occurrence of a regeneration event will occur, predict whether the energy storage device will be in a state of charge condition to receive regenerative power at the time of the predicted regeneration event, and control an application of electrical power to the accessory load based on the prediction in order to reduce the amount of energy stored in the energy storage device and minimize any loss of regenerative power during a next regenerative event.
id-US9061599B2    abstract-A system for storing electrically a regenerative energy of a vehicle is provided. The system includes a first energy storage device, a second energy storage device, an energy regulating device coupled to the first and second energy storage devices, a source of regenerative power configured to capture a regenerative energy during a regenerative power event of the vehicle, and a control unit coupled to the energy regulating device. The control unit is configured to transfer electrical energy from the first energy storage device to the second energy storage device based on a prediction of the regenerative power event using the energy regulating device. The transfer of the electrical energy serves to reduce the electrical energy stored in the first energy storage device thereby enabling the first energy storage device to receive from the regenerative power device when the predicted regenerative power event occurs an amount of the electrical regenerative energy.
id-CN104995076A    abstract-本发明涉及一种设置用于通过肌力运动的设备、特别是车辆，该设备包括：除肌力(F B )之外影响所述设备的运动的、产生另一个力(F M )的电机(5)；用于测量作用到所述设备上的肌力(F B )的至少一个传感器(3)；以及用于借助传感器(3)的测量信号(F B′ )来对通过电机(5)产生所述另一个力(F M )进行控制的装置(6-11)。按照本发明，用于对产生驱动或/和制动力(F M )进行控制的所述设备(6-11)包括负载机构(7)，该负载机构用于将由电机(5)以发电机形式产生的电能转化成另一种能量形式、特别是热量。
id-WO2014118678A2    abstract-An energy system for a vehicle, the energy system comprising an electric machine arranged to provide a drive torque when placed in a drive mode of operation and arranged to generate current when placed in a braking mode of operation; a resistor placed in series with a switch and a capacitor, wherein the switch is arranged to control the flow of current generated by the electric machine through the resistor to allow energy to be stored on the capacitor and for energy to be dissipated in the resistor.
id-JP2019022506A    abstract-【課題】患者特有のドライバー変異を特定するための方法を提供する。【解決手段】癌患者の異常なシグナル伝達経路を引き起こす変異を同定する方法であって、ａ）患者の試料または患者の腫瘍分子プロファイリングデータを取得することと、ｂ）前記患者に存在する試験遺伝子変異を含む発現ベクターを作製することと、ｃ）前記試験遺伝子に対応する野生型遺伝子を含む対照の発現コンストラクトを作製することと、ｄ）蛍光トランスロケーションレポーター（ＦＴＲ）をコードする発現ベクターを作製することと、ｅ）前記発現ベクタ—をアッセイ細胞へトランスフェクトすることと、ｆ）前記変異試験遺伝子または野生型遺伝子と前記ＦＴＲの発現を可能にするのに十分な時間で前記アッセイ細胞をインキュベートすることと、ｇ）前記細胞内の前記ＦＴＲの細胞内局在を決定することと、を含む方法。【選択図】なし
id-WO2014111182A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Bremssystems eines Kraftfahrzeuges mit wenigstens einer Vorderachse und einer Hinterachse sowie ein das Verfahren verwendendes Bremssystem bereitgestellt, wobei das Bremssystem umfasst: einen Bremskraftverstärker mit einem von einem Fahrer des Kraftfahrzeuges zu betätigenden Bremseingabeelement, welches mit einem Betätigungsweg-Sensor zur Bereitstellung eines Signales entsprechend einem Fahrerbremswunsch gekoppelt ist; einen mit dem Bremskraftverstärker gekoppelten Hauptbremszylinder, welcher wiederum mit einem Bremsmediumreservoir gekoppelt ist; Fluidleitungen, welche einerseits in fluider Kommunikation mit dem Hauptbremszylinder und dem Bremsmediumreservoir stehen, und andererseits über eine Anordnung von Ventilen in fluider Kommunikation mit Bremseinrichtungen an Rädern der Achsen stehen, wobei die Räder jeweils auch mit, zusätzlich zu den Bremseinrichtungen, Bremsmoment erzeugenden Generatoren gekoppelt sind; wobei das Verfahren die folgenden Schritte umfasst: Erzeugen eines hydraulischen Leerweges mittels der Anordnung von Ventilen und einer entsprechenden Ansteuerung der Ventile mittels einer mit den Ventilen gekoppelten Steuereinheit, wobei durch das Erzeugen des Leerweges während einer Betätigung des Bremseingabeelements durch den Fahrer ein hydraulischer Druckaufbau zum Verzögern einer Radgeschwindigkeit der jeweiligen Räder verhindert wird; und Erzeugen eines generatorischen Bremsmoments an den jeweiligen Rädern zum Verzögern der Radgeschwindigkeit der jeweiligen Räder, und zwar auf Grundlage des Fahrerbremswunsches.
id-US9561733B2    abstract-An on-vehicle travel distance output apparatus for a vehicle is disclosed. The vehicle including a battery and a travel motor that generate, based on electric power of the battery, a drive force for the travel of the vehicle, wherein the battery is chargeable based on electric power from a first charge source as well as electric power from a second charge source. The on-vehicle travel distance output apparatus includes a processing device that calculates a first travel distance of the vehicle over which the vehicle travels based on the electric power of the battery obtained from the first charge source and a second travel distance of the vehicle over which the vehicle travels based on the electric power of the battery obtained from the second charge source to output the calculated first and second travel distances.
id-US20150298552A1    abstract-The regenerative energy produced during the braking of a vehicle is used for powering a secondary battery, that is independent from the main battery, and, in the event of a complete failure of said main battery, allows the continued operation of the basic services such as power steering, lights, the brake servo unit, and electronics, as a result of the combined action of said autonomous system that includes a capacitor bank which powers said services either directly or via the secondary battery. The system comprises an interface of the electronic power and control unit, an electronic power and control unit, applied to the steering and pedals, and an ECU power controller and port.
id-DE102013201563A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft das Energiemanagement in einem Fahrzeug. Insbesondere betrifft die Erfindung ein Verfahren und eine Vorrichtung zur verbesserten Abstimmung von Bereitstellung und Verbrauch von elektrischer Energie in einem Fahrzeug. Es wird eine Steuereinheit für das Energiemanagement eines elektrischen Bordnetzes eines Fahrzeugs beschrieben. Die Steuereinheit ist eingerichtet, einen Insassen des Fahrzeugs zu ermitteln; eine Betriebsstrategie für das Energiemanagement zu ermitteln, wobei die Betriebsstrategie von dem ermittelten Insassen abhängt; und die ermittelte Betriebsstrategie für das Energiemanagement des elektrischen Bordnetzes des Fahrzeugs anzuwenden.
id-US20150321562A1    abstract-The present application relates to a vehicle and a method of limiting a vehicle speed during evacuation running designed to prevent a normal battery block from being overcharged by regenerative electric power during evacuation running, in which a vehicle driven by a parallely connected battery blocks runs under a condition in which some abnormal battery blocks are separated. The method may include determining whether a vehicle is performing evacuation running, calculating receivable regenerative electric power for the battery blocks used for running of the vehicle, calculating a limit speed of the vehicle according to the receivable regenerative electric power, and limiting the speed of the vehicle to the limit speed or to a speed lower than the limit speed.
id-EP2759509A1    abstract-Ein Portalhubstapler umfasst ein erstes Aggregat (10) zum Erzeugen elektrischer Primärenergie und ein zweites Aggregat (9; 49) zum Erzeugen elektrischer Sekundärenergie durch Nachverstromung von bei dem Erzeugen der elektrischen Primärenergie anfallender Abwärme des ersten Aggregats (10).
id-DE102014100505A1    abstract-Ein erweiterungsfähiges Fahrzeugsystem umfasst eine Grundeinheit mit einem Rahmen, einem ersten Rad, das in Bezug auf den Rahmen drehbar montiert ist, und einem batterieelektrischen Antriebssystem, das in Bezug auf den Rahmen montiert ist. Das erweiterungsfähige Fahrzeugsystem umfasst außerdem ein erstes Verlängerungsmodul mit einem ersten Fahrzeugkarosserieabschnitt und mit einem in Bezug auf den ersten Fahrzeugkarosserieabschnitt montierten Hilfsantrieb. Die Grundeinheit weist eine erste Befestigungsschnittstelle auf, die in Bezug auf den Rahmen montiert ist, und das erste Verlängerungsmodul weist eine zweite Befestigungsschnittstelle auf, die in Bezug auf den ersten Fahrzeugkarosserieabschnitt montiert ist. Die erste und die zweite Befestigungsschnittstelle sind so ausgelegt, dass sie derart selektiv und lösbar miteinander in Eingriff stehen, dass das erste Verlängerungsmodul und die Grundeinheit eine einzige fahrtüchtige Einheit bilden, wenn die erste und die zweite Befestigungsschnittstelle miteinander in Eingriff stehen.
id-JP5958427B2    abstract-
id-CN104956564B    abstract-根据本发明的方法，为了运行具有至少一个变流器模块(2)的变流器(1)，其中，该变流器模块包括用于连接至电压网络(7)的初级开关回路(3)、用于连接至负载(17)的次级开关回路(4)以及具有中间回路电容(22)的中间连接的电压中间回路(5)，在中间回路电容(22)上下降的中间回路电压(U Z )通过对初级开关回路(3)的控制而被调节到预设的电压额定值(U 0 ，U 01 ‑U 03 )上。在此，电压额定值(U 0 ，U 01 ‑U 03 )取决于在次级开关回路(4)中的功率流的方向而可变地预设。
id-KR101863176B1    abstract-하이브리드 전기 차량은 내부 연소 엔진 및 고전압 DC 버스를 포함한다. 내부 연소 엔진은 바람직하게는 스위칭된 자기저항 기계인 비-자려 발전기/모터와 기계적으로 연동된다. 파워 인버터는 비-자려 스위칭된 자기저항 발전기/모터에 고전압 DC 버스를 전기적으로 그리고 양방향적으로 연결시킨다. 전방 및 후방 축 듀얼 DC-AC 인버터들은 회생 전원을 위해 그리고 차량을 움직이기 위해 고전압 DC 버스에 두개의 견인 AC 비-자려 스위칭된 자기저항 모터들/기어 리듀서들을 전기적으로 그리고 양방향적으로 연결시킨다. 울트라커패시터는 고전압 DC 버스에 연결되었다. 저전압 배터리 사이에 위치된 양방향 DC-DC 컨버터 및 고전압 DC 버스는 고전압 DC 버스 및 울트라커패시터에 모터 모드에서 작동하는 비-자려 스위칭된 자기저항 발전기/모터가 엔진을 시동시킬 수 있도록 에너지를 전송한다.
id-US9789781B2    abstract-A charging device for a vehicle carries out timer charging in which the charging device is set in a standby state without charging until charging start time comes when the charging start time is set for a vehicle-mounted electrical storage device. The charging device for the vehicle includes a charger that charges the electrical storage device with electric power supplied from a device outside the vehicle, and an ECU that determines whether to carry out timer charging or carry out instant charging without carrying out the timer charging on the basis of a state of a switch associated with an open/close state of a charging lid, and that controls the charger. Desirably, a timer cancellation or determination switch is also used as a switch for detecting the open/close state of the lid or a switch for opening the lid.
id-US20160001719A1    abstract-In accordance with the present invention there is provided an engine ( 100 ), the engine ( 100 ) having a first mode and a second mode, the engine ( 100 ) comprising: a first battery ( 101 ); a second battery ( 102 ); a first charge level monitoring device ( 106 ) attached to the first battery ( 101 ); and a control unit ( 105 ). The control unit ( 105 ) is arranged to: measure the charge level of the first battery ( 101 ) using the first charge level monitoring device ( 106 ) when the engine ( 100 ) is in the second mode; and cause the second battery ( 102 ) to charge the first battery ( 101 ) if the charge level of the first battery ( 101 ) is beneath a first threshold value.
id-US20140232331A1    abstract-This disclosure provides systems, methods, and apparatuses for mounting vehicle wireless charging pads to other structures, such as a vehicle underbody or frame. In one aspect, a mounting system including a cover adapted to enclose a vehicle wireless charging pad is provided. The cover includes mounting brackets integrally formed in the cover and configured to attach the charging pad to another structure, such as a vehicle underbody or frame. In another aspect, a mounting system includes shield attachment interfaces integrally formed in a vehicle pad shield and configured to attach the shield to the vehicle pad cover. In another implementation, the shield attachment interfaces are integrally formed in the vehicle pad cover and configured to attach the vehicle pad cover to the vehicle pad shield.
id-US9840250B2    abstract-A vehicle drive apparatus includes: an engine; a rotary machine; an output member coupled to a drive wheel of a vehicle; a differential mechanism configured to couple the engine, the rotary machine, and the output member together to be differentially rotatable via a plurality of differentially rotatable rotational elements; and an elastic member configured to couple a rotation shaft of the rotary machine to the rotational element of the differential mechanism to be relatively rotatable.
id-US9413256B2    abstract-An object is to suppress deterioration of a high-voltage side battery regardless of the magnitude of a load current. Provided is a control device of a DC-DC converter that is constituted by a primary side circuit that is electrically connected between an input side and a transformer, and a secondary side circuit that is electrically connected between an output side and the transformer. The control device includes a command generating unit  325  that sets an output current limiting value to a predetermined value on the basis of a detected input voltage, a duty generating unit  330  that calculates a duty configured to turn ON/OFF a switching element on the basis of the output current limiting value and a detected output current, and a switching signal generating unit  335  that generates a switching signal on the basis of the duty. The duty generating unit  330  generates the duty so that an output current is limited to the output current limiting value or less.
id-WO2014125741A1    abstract-電力変換装置は、高電位側端子と低電位側端子の間に直列に接続され、上下アームを構成する対のスイッチング素子と、前記対のスイッチング素子の間に一端が接続されるコイルと、前記高電位側端子及び前記低電位側端子の間の電圧と、前記コイルのインダクタンスとに基づいて、前記コイルを流れる電流値の時間変化率を算出し、前記算出した電流値の時間変化率に基づいて、前記対のスイッチング素子のうちの一方のみをオン／オフ駆動する片アーム駆動と、前記対のスイッチング素子の双方を逆相でオン／オフ駆動する両アーム駆動との間を切り換える制御装置とを備える。
id-CN104002691A    abstract-本发明涉及功率管道、充电装置和对功率存储装置充电的方法。一种用于对车辆(102)的功率存储装置(106)充电的功率管道(112)包括输出终端，以及能够操作性地设置在接合位置和脱开位置中的一个的锁定机构。当锁定机构位于接合位置时，锁定机构将输出终端锁定到车辆(102)，并且当锁定机构位于脱开位置时，对输出终端解锁。功率管道(112)包括控制器，该控制器包括构造成存储多个计算机可执行指令的存储器装置，以及联接于存储器装置的处理器。指令将处理器构造成接收与车辆(102)和车辆(102)的用户中的一个相关联的标识符，以及在确定下者中的一个之后，产生和发送解锁信号，用于锁定机构位于脱开位置：接收到标识符；以及已经达到功率存储装置(106)的预定充电状态。
id-US20140239879A1    abstract-A charging system for a traction battery is disclosed. The charging system includes a power grid, a stationary battery, a first controlled power supply, a second controlled power supply, and a switching unit. The first controlled power supply is configured to provide electrical power from the power grid to the stationary battery, at a first controlled rate. The second controlled power supply is configured to provide electrical power from the stationary battery to a traction battery, at a second controlled rate, higher than the first controlled rate.
id-WO2014128925A1    abstract-第一回転機と、第二回転機と、を備え、第一回転機あるいは第二回転機のいずれか一方の回転機を動力源とする第一走行モードから第一回転機および第二回転機を動力源とする第二走行モードへ移行するときに、第一回転機のトルク指令値Ｔｔ１と第二回転機のトルク指令値Ｔｔ２との合計トルクを車両に対する要求トルクＴｒよりも大きくする。第一走行モードの動力源であった回転機の第一走行モードから第二走行モードへ移行するときのトルク指令値は、移行開始前のトルク指令値よりも大きくされてもよい。
id-CN104136269B    abstract-工作车辆至少具备行驶用的电动机，包括：第一控制部，生成用于对所述电动机进行控制的速度指令值，且对作为使所述电动机产生扭矩的指令值的扭矩指令值与所述工作车辆的行驶速度之间的关系提供所述工作车辆的实际行驶速度来生成第一扭矩指令值；和第二控制部，基于第一控制部所生成的所述速度指令值和所述实际行驶速度来生成第二扭矩指令值，在所述工作车辆正前进时使用所述第一扭矩指令值和所述第二扭矩指令值之中较小的值来控制所述电动机，在所述工作车辆正后退时使用所述第一扭矩指令值和所述第二扭矩指令值之中较大的值来控制所述电动机，第一控制部基于对所述行驶速度进行调整的加速器的开度、所述实际行驶速度、和所述工作车辆的实际的行进方向来决定所述速度指令值。
id-JP6118124B2    abstract-
id-JP5950017B2    abstract-
id-JP2014154706A    abstract-【課題】組み付け時の金属屑の発生を低減し、かつ組み付け作業性を向上させることができる部品組み付け構造を提供する。 【解決手段】部品３から組み付け方向に延設された挿入片６と、機器本体２に形成された開口部５ｃの縁部から組み付け方向に延設されたガイド用舌片５ａと、ガイド用舌片５ａと対向する開口部５ｃの縁部から組み付け方向に延設されたガイド用舌片５ｂとを備え、ガイド用舌片５ａ，５ｂが、互いに離間する方向に折り曲がっており、開口部５ｃに挿入された挿入片６がガイド用舌片５ａ，５ｂの各基部の間に挟まれた状態で部品３が機器本体２に組み付けられる。 【選択図】図４
id-US20180134208A1    abstract-A power generation system is provided configured for installation within a wheel of a vehicle. The system includes a stator having a plurality of face-mounted permanent magnets; and a rotor having a plurality of windings configured to rotate, with rotation of the wheel, in proximity to the permanent magnets thereby generating a current. The stator is mounted to a brake caliper of the vehicle. Also provided is a wheel-based vehicle display system including a light emitting diode (LED) array arranged on or within a wheel of a vehicle; a power source connected thereto; and a controller connected to the LED array. The display system is configured to display at least one of: textual information, visual images or full-motion video.
id-CN105377613B    abstract-一种车辆电气系统，其可以包括独立于连接至车辆电池的电气母线而被控制的高电力电气母线。高电力电气母线可以至少部分地由电力转换器(例如DC/DC转换器)来供给，该电力转换器从车辆电池汲取电力，并且可以至少部分地将高电力电气母线与车辆电池解耦。诸如主动悬架系统之类的高电力电气负载例如可以由高电力电气母线来供电。
id-US9676278B2    abstract-A vehicle electrical network has: an electric machine configured to operate at least in generator mode; a first energy storage device; a second energy storage device; and a switching arrangement by which the switching states a) through c) described below can be set alternatively to one another: a) either only the first energy storage device or only the second energy storage device is connected to the electric machine; b) the first energy storage device and the second energy storage device are connected in parallel to the electric machine; and c) the first energy storage device and the second energy storage device are connected in series to the electric machine.
id-US9789766B2    abstract-A method and arrangement for operating a motor vehicle having a vehicle electrical system having a semiconductor switch, which during the vehicle operation is loaded with load events based on at least one load-influencing factor, and for which a service life load relationship is predefined, for a nominal service life for a nominal load, and with which for at least one point in time within the nominal service life a nominal load proportion corresponding to the at least one point in time is ascertainable, and the method for the at least one point in time including ascertaining an actual load of the semiconductor switch based on establishing past load events at the at least one point in time, the ascertaining of the nominal load proportion corresponding to the at least one point in time with the predefined service life load relationship, and comparing of the actual and nominal load proportion at the at least one point in time and the reducing of the at least one load-influencing factor when the actual load exceeds the nominal load proportion by more than a predefined tolerance value at the at least one point in time.
id-US9254759B1    abstract-Electromechanical systems using magnetic fields to induce eddy currents and generate lift are described. Magnet configurations which can be employed in the systems are illustrated. The magnet configuration can be used to generate lift and/or thrust. Lift and thrust predictions for various magnet configurations are provided. Arrangements of hover engines, which can employ the magnet configurations, and an associated guidance, navigation and control system, are described. Finally, a number of different applications, such as trains, elevators and printing, which utilize embodiments of the electromechanical systems described herein, are presented.
id-EP2977283B1    abstract-
id-US9428177B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric storage apparatus that outputs an electric power to be converted into a kinetic energy for use in running of the vehicle, an engine that generates a kinetic energy for use in running of the vehicle, a generator that receives an output from the engine to generate an electric power, and a controller that controls charge and discharge of the electric storage apparatus. In performing charge of the electric storage apparatus using an electric power from an external power source and in performing charge of the electric storage apparatus using the electric power output from the generator in response to a signal produced through operation by a user, the controller calculate a full charge capacity of the electric storage apparatus based on an SOC of the electric storage apparatus at each of start and end of the charge and a current sum amount during the charge.
id-AU2016204649B2    abstract-A system and method for recovering the optimum power level during regenerative mode is disclosed. Equations for determining the optimum regenerative power level receivable by an energy storage system, for example for 5 any given deceleration event, are derived and disclosed. The equations consider various losses such as the efficiency of the electric motor generator in the generator mode, wind resistance, roiling resistance, transmission losses, engine losses, and losses in the energy storage system. Also disclosed is at least one embodiment of a procedure for controlling a hybrid drive system to achieve the optimum energy 10 recovery.
id-CN104044469B    abstract-提供一种控制再生制动转矩的方法，所述车辆包括被配置为实施用于再生制动控制的方法的控制系统。所述控制系统具有至少一个控制器，所述控制系统被配置成当车辆的车轮的车轮侧滑大于阈值时控制再生制动转矩不大于再生制动转矩限制。对于大于所述阈值的车轮侧滑的至少一些值，所述再生制动转矩限制为非零。
id-DE102013205164B3    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug mit Elektroantrieb, das einen mit den Fahrzeugrädern seiner Hinterachse mechanisch verbindbaren ersten Elektromotor (4B) zum Antrieb der Hinterachse, eine mit dem ersten Elektromotor (4B) elektrisch verbindbare erste Batterie (7B) als Energiequelle für den ersten Elektromotor (4B), einen mit den Fahrzeugrädern der Hinterachse mechanisch verbindbaren ersten Generator (6B) zur Rückgewinnung elektrischer Energie aus der Bewegungsenergie des Fahrzeugs und zum Speichern der elektrischen Energie in der ersten Batterie (7B) aufweist, wird im Hinblick auf seinen energetischen Gesamtwirkungsgrad erfindungsgemäß dadurch verbessert, dass ein mit den Fahrzeugrädern der Vorderachse mechanisch verbindbarer zweiter Elektromotor (4A) zum Antrieb der Vorderachse, eine mit dem zweiten Elektromotor (4A) elektrisch verbindbare Batterie (7A) als Energiequelle für den zweiten Elektromotor (4A), ein mit den Fahrzeugrädern der Vorderachse mechanisch verbindbarer zweiter Generator (6A) zur Rückgewinnung elektrischer Energie aus der Bewegungsenergie des Fahrzeugs und zum Speichern der elektrischen Energie in der zweiten Batterie (7A) vorgesehen ist und dass ein Steuergerät (10) vorhanden ist, das entweder die Vorderachse oder die Hinterachse zum Antrieb des Fahrzeugs mit dem zugehörigen Elektromotor (4B, 4A) mechanisch verbindet, die zugehörige Batterie (7B, 7A) mit dem Elektromotor ((4B, 4A) elektrisch verbindet und dem Generator (6A, 6B) der jeweils anderen Achse mit dieser mechanisch verbindet und die erzeugte elektrische Energie in der Batterie (7A, 7B) der jeweils anderen Achse speichert.
id-US9658075B2    abstract-A travel assist system, a travel assist method, and a computer program that prevent frequent corrections of a travel plan due to variations in congestion information are provided. Congestion information is acquired from a VICS center. The current state of a vehicle is acquired. It is determined whether or not the congestion status of an expected travel route for the vehicle has been varied from the congestion information using a criterion based on the state of the vehicle. In the case where it is determined that the congestion status of the expected travel route has been varied, the travel plan  48  is corrected using the congestion status after the variation.
id-US20140266068A1    abstract-The inventions herein relate to devices and methods to impart charge to lithium ion battery cells. Still further, the present invention incorporates to pulse charging methods and systems related thereto that provide improvements in charging speed, efficiency and additional benefits.
id-WO2014136166A1    abstract-モータ駆動回路にオープン故障やショート故障が生じた場合でも電動モータの駆動制御を継続することが可能なモータ制御装置、これを使用した電動パワーステアリング装置及び車両を提供する。モータ制御装置は、ステータに少なくとも２系統となる第１及び第２の多相モータ巻線を巻装した多相電動モータに対する指令値を出力する指令値演算部と、該指令値に基づいて各多相モータ巻線に個別に第１及び第２の多相モータ駆動流を供給する第１及び第２のモータ駆動回路と、各モータ駆動回路と各多相モータ巻線との間に個別に介挿された多相の第１及び第２のモータ電流遮断部と、各多相モータ駆動電流或いは電圧の異常を個別に検出する第１及び第２の異常検出部と、各異常検出部の何れか一方で少なくとも一相のモータ駆動電流の異常を検出したときに、異常を検出した側のモータ電流遮断部を電流遮断状態に制御する異常時電流制御部とを備えている。
id-US20140265554A1    abstract-A battery system for powering a vehicle is provided. The system may include a first lithium-ion battery pack having a first total energy capacity and a first power to energy ratio (P/E ratio) and a second lithium-ion battery pack connected in parallel with the first lithium-ion battery pack and having a second total energy capacity that is higher than the first total energy capacity and a second P/E ratio that is lower than the first P/E ratio. A method of controlling the battery system is also provided, and may include controlling an operation of a vehicle according to a total power capability of the first and second battery strings, wherein the total power capability is the sum of a first battery string power capability and a second battery string power capability at a same voltage.
id-US20140277887A1    abstract-An electric vehicle and a method for adjusting vehicle parameters based on a type of battery modules inserted into a vehicle. A processor is configured to: receive at least one input parameter from the battery modules housed in the vehicle; determine at least a type (e.g., lithium or lead acid) and capacity of the battery modules in the vehicle; and adjust output parameters to a battery management system and one or more vehicle subsystems based on the determined type and capacity of battery modules. Accordingly, battery packs can be swapped without updating electrical software in the vehicle. A customer can alternate from one type of battery pack module to another more easily and can obtain cost savings. The method can be implemented using CAN bus protocol.
id-EP2983000B1    abstract-
id-JP5817761B2    abstract-
id-CN104044529A    abstract-一种用于操作具有可变电压转换器（VVC）的混合动力电动车辆的方法，所述方法包括：响应于请求VVC测试的信号而命令跨越VVC的第一电压；在第一可校准时间段连续地监视的第一VCC电压差；如果第一电压差超过第一可校准阈值达第一可校准时间段的情况下产生诊断信号。所述方法还包括：响应于第一电压差低于第一校准阈值，命令跨VVC的第二电压；在第二可校准时间段连续地监视第二VCC电压差；在第二电压差超过第二可校准阈值达第二可校准时间段的情况下产生诊断信号；响应于第二电压差低于第二可校准阈值而信号通知测试通过。
id-CN105073486B    abstract-电源控制装置(40)对使用电源系统(30)而行驶的车辆进行控制，电源系统(30)包含第一电源(31)和第二电源(32)这双方，电源控制装置(40)具备：调整单元(40)，通过以表示每单位时间供给接受的电力量的所希望的供给接受率在第一电源与第二电源之间供给接受电力，来调整第一电源及第二电源中的至少一方的蓄电剩余量(SOC)；及设定单元(40)，以根据车速而使供给接受率变化的方式设定供给接受率。
id-WO2014154735A3    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Betreiben einer Rekuperationsbremseinrichtung (110) eines Kraftfahrzeugs (100) beschrieben. Das Verfahren umfasst die Schritte: Erfassen einer Bremsleistungsvorgabe (Pv), und Wandeln von kinetischer Energie des Kraftfahrzeugs in elektrische Rekuperationsleistung (Pr) gemäß einem Bremsleistungssollwert, der der Bremsleistungsvorgabe (Pv) entspricht. Die Rekuperationsleistung wird an eine elektrische Speichereinrichtung (200) geleitet, um diese aufzuladen. Es wird verfahrensgemäß erfasst, wenn eine Abweichung zwischen dem Bremsleistungssollwert und einem Bremsleistungsistwert auftritt, mit dem das Kraftfahrzeug (100) abgebremst wird. Die Rekuperationsleistung (Pr) wird von der Speichereinrichtung (200) an einen Leistungswiderstand (192) umgelenkt, wenn während dem Leiten der Rekuperationsleistung (Pr) an die Speichereinrichtung (200) erfasst wird, dass die Abweichung zwischen dem Bremsleistungssollwert und dem Bremsleistungsistwert auftritt. Ferner wird eine Rekuperationsbremseinrichtung eingerichtet zur Ausführung des Verfahrens beschrieben.
id-WO2014157508A1    abstract-【課題】ペダル回転機構と駆動輪とが機械的に接続されている車両と、同様な漕ぎ感覚が得られる電動車両を提供する。 【解決手段】 ペダル２５１L、２５１Rとクランク２５Ｌ、２５Ｒとによって回転トルクが入力されるクランク軸２５０と、クランク軸２５０と駆動輪２３ｆとが機械的な伝達機構でつながっていない車両であって、クランク軸２５０に対してペダル踏み込み時に抵抗を付与する抵抗付与手段（ＧＵ）と、ペダル踏み込みによって入力されるトルクに応じて抵抗付与手段Ｇからの抵抗量を調節する抵抗調節手段（ＣＵ）を有する。
id-US20140277931A1    abstract-Power systems and methods described herein can provide power system management and power delivery, among other functionality. The power systems and methods for a vehicle can employ a fuel cell, such as a Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC), as a power source in conjunction with another power sources, such as one or more vehicle batteries, capacitors, etc. The fuel cell can be conditionally used to provide power to the electrical system, thereby reducing the load on the vehicle batteries.
id-US20140277882A1    abstract-A system and method for controlling an electric vehicle include at least one controller configured to detect an over-voltage condition when an electric-machine voltage exceeds an over-voltage threshold. In response to the over-voltage condition, the electric machine and a variable voltage controller (VVC) are disabled. Upon determining the electric-machine voltage is decreased to at least a second threshold being less than the over-voltage threshold, the controller is configured to set the VVC to a limited-operation mode. Upon determining the electric-machine voltage is decreased to at least a third threshold being less than the second threshold and the over-voltage threshold, the controller is configured to re-enable the electric machine and set the VVC to a normal-operation mode. The limited operation-mode enables the vehicle to maintain vehicle propulsion during the drive-cycle as the electric machine is recovered from a transient condition causing the over-voltage condition.
id-US20160046203A1    abstract-An electrical source control apparatus controls a vehicle which travels by using an electrical source system including a first electrical source and a second electrical source. The electrical source control apparatus has: a controlling device for controlling the first and second electrical sources to set a residual power level of the first electrical source equal to first target amount and to set a residual power level of the second electrical source equal to second target amount, and a setting device for setting the first and second target amounts such that each of the first and second target amounts becomes smaller as a speed of the vehicle becomes larger. The setting device sets the first and second target amounts such that a rate of change of the second target amount to the speed is larger than a rate of change of the first target amount to the speed.
id-CN107738721A    abstract-本发明涉及一种自动回馈电能的太阳能电磁助力单车及其电控板，由单车购物篮太阳能盖板、位置传感器、电磁助力盘、后衣架太阳能电池板、助力永磁体、扭矩传感器构成；扭矩信号感应线圈和位置传感器将自行车运动状态的扭矩信号和方位信号传输至电控板中，电控板通过刹车电控组合线控制电磁助力盘，单车购物篮太阳能盖板与后衣架太阳能电池板共同为蓄电池提供电力。本发明不采用电动机，助力系统不会改变骑行者的感觉，采用太阳能电池板供电，节省能源，刹车时，能自动回收电能，节省自行车骑行者的体力，本发明是一种性能优越小巧的助力装置，结构极其简单，极具市场前景，零排放，对自行车的普及使用具有极其重要的价值。
id-CN105263740A    abstract-本发明涉及交通工具以及交通工具控制用管理系统。具有蓄电池模块(20)，其具有储存本模块的识别信息的存储部；电动机模块(40)，其具有储存本模块的识别信息的存储部；蓄电池控制单元(102)，其控制蓄电池模块(20)；电动机控制单元(103)，其控制电动机模块(40)；以及控制模块(10)，其在一个模块内具有蓄电池控制单元(102)以及电动机控制单元(103)。蓄电池控制单元(102)以及电动机控制单元(103)在控制模块(10)启动时分别读入各模块(20、40)的上述识别信息，还获取与上述识别信息对应的、蓄电池模块(20)以及电动机模块(40)的参数。
id-KR101427969B1    abstract-본 발명은 수냉식 냉각이 필요한 전기전자 장치들에 해당하는 냉각대상(모터, 인버터, 컨버터 등)의 온도 상승을 자동차의 주행조건을 기초로 미리 예측하여 냉각유량을 증가시킴으로써 냉각대상을 효율적으로 냉각시킬 수 있는 냉각유량 제어 시스템 및 방법을 제공하는 것이다. 이를 위한 본 발명의 실시예는, 친환경 자동차의 냉각대상인 전기전자 장치를 냉각하는 방법으로서, 구동토크 혹은 구동토크 명령치가 설정값 이상인지 판단하는 단계; 회생제동 토크가 설정값 이상인지 판단하는 단계; 상기 구동토크 혹은 구동토크 명령치 또는 회생제동 토크가 상기 해당 설정값 이상이면, 펌프를 구동하여 냉각유량을 증가시키는 단계;를 포함할 수 있다.
id-US9522606B2    abstract-A control system includes a boost-buck converter, a control apparatus and a voltage sensor. The boost-buck converter is provided between a battery and a motor-generator. The control apparatus controls the boost-buck converter. The voltage sensor outputs a sensor output value of a system voltage supplied to the motor. The control apparatus calculates a current stagnation continuation period based on the sensor output value of the voltage sensor and corrects a duty ratio of the boost-buck converter in accordance with a calculation value of the continuation period. The continuation period includes a predetermined time point, at which current stagnation is assumed to be generated. The current stagnation indicates that at least a reactor current stagnates. In the continuation period, a system voltage-related voltage continues to have a voltage difference of the same polarity side relative to a reference voltage.
id-AU2014244937B2    abstract-The present invention addresses the problem of providing a vehicular brake system using both frictional braking force produced by an electric brake means and regenerative braking force produced by a regenerative brake means, and capable of decreasing a lack of braking force when an anti-lock control is activated. A vehicular brake system (10) includes: an electric brake means that produces frictional braking force using an operating pressure generated in an operating fluid by a motor cylinder device (16); a regenerative brake means that produces regenerative braking force using an electric motor (200); and an anti-lock control means that activates anti-lock control for eliminating slip of a wheel (WFR, WFL, WRR, WRL) by increasing or decreasing the frictional braking force. When the anti-lock control is activated by the anti-lock control means upon determination that there is a slipping wheel, a state in which a drive wheel (WFR, WFL) is supplied with the regenerative braking force is maintained.
id-US10177390B2    abstract-In a method for controlling a fuel cell system, a shutoff valve is opened to supply a fuel gas from a storage container to a fuel cell after a fuel cell system shutdown instruction is sent to the fuel cell system so that the fuel cell generates and discharges electricity. The storage container is supplied to the fuel gas supplied from a fuel supply source provided outside the fuel cell system in response to a filling instruction to supply the fuel gas to the storage container. A data signal indicating a state of the storage container is transmitted to the fuel supply source. The shutoff valve is closed and the storage container is supplied to the fuel gas supplied from the fuel supply source if the filling instruction is output while opening the shutoff valve after the fuel cell system shutdown instruction is sent.
id-DE112014001582T5    abstract-Eine Stromquellensteuervorrichtung (40) steuert ein Fahrzeug (1), das unter Verwendung eines Quellensystems (30) fährt, welches eine erste Quelle, die eine Eingabe/Ausgabe einer ersten Leistung durchführt, und eine zweite Quelle aufweist, die eine Eingabe/Ausgabe einer zweiten Leistung durchführt, wobei ein Speichervermögen der zweiten Quelle kleiner ist als das der ersten Quelle, und die Ausgabeleistung der zweiten Quelle größer ist als die der ersten Quelle, wobei die Stromquellensteuervorrichtung aufweist: eine Wahleinrichtung (40) zum Auswählen eines gewünschten Antriebsmodus auf Basis einer von dem Fahrzeug verlangten Kennlinie aus Antriebsmodi, die verschiedene Anteile für die erste Leistung in Bezug auf einen Leistungsbedarf aufweist, der für das Quellensystem erforderlich ist; und eine Steuereinrichtung zum Steuern der ersten und der zweiten Quelle auf solche Weise, dass die Eingabe/Ausgabe der ersten Leistung gemäß dem Anteil des ausgewählten Antriebsmodus durchgeführt wird.
id-WO2014141955A1    abstract-蓄電装置（３）と、エンジン（１）によって駆動される発電電動機（５）と、発電電動機によって駆動され圧油を吐出する油圧ポンプ（９）と、油圧ポンプと油圧回路によって接続され、圧油によって駆動する油圧アクチュエータ（１２、１３、１４）と、蓄電装置および発電電動機と電気的に接続され、蓄電装置および発電電動機からの電力で駆動されて車輪に走行駆動力を与える走行電動機（７Ｆ、７Ｒ）とを備え、走行電動機が回生制動時に発生する回生電力で蓄電装置を充電するハイブリッド式作業車両において、走行電動機が回生制動時に発生する回生電力が蓄電装置の許容充電電力を超えるか否かを判定する判定部（１００）と、判定部により回生電力が許容充電電力を超えると判定された場合、油圧回路の油圧負荷を増加させる負荷増加部（７０）とを備える。
id-US20160052399A1    abstract-An electric vehicle control device includes a calculation unit that calculates a regenerative-brake-torque load factor when a braking command is detected. The calculation unit includes a brake-torque load-factor determination unit that determines the regenerative-brake-torque load factor according to vehicle speed information that is a detection value of vehicle speed; and a brake-torque load-factor correction unit that corrects the regenerative-brake-torque load factor determined by the brake-torque load-factor determination unit using element temperature information that is temperature information of a switching element included in an inverter.
id-CA2901956C    abstract-A main conversion device 100 includes a first power converter 111, a second power converter 112, an auxiliary power-supply device 113, and an operation controller 120. The first power converter 111 is connected with a circuit electrically connected with an overhead line 105, and an intermediate link 121, and mutually converts power. The second power converter 112 is connected with the intermediate link 121, and a circuit electrically connected with an induction motor 103, and mutually converts power. The auxiliary power-supply device 113 receives power from the intermediate link 121, and supplies power to a load 104. The operation controller 120 controls the operation/deactivation of the first power converter 111 based on a value indicating an acceleration condition of a vehicle, a value in accordance with a vehicle speed, auxiliary source power, and a restriction value for regenerative power to the overhead line in such a way that the power to be supplied to the auxiliary power-supply device 113 becomes equal to or larger than the auxiliary source power, and the regenerative power flowing to the overhead line 105 becomes equal to or smaller than the restriction value.
id-US20140277861A1    abstract-A system and method optimizes energy consumption in a railway system including a set of trains, a set of energy storage devices, and a set of substations connected to a grid by first optimizing control parameters controlling at least part of the energy consumption of the railway system to produce optimized control parameters. The optimized control parameters minimize, over multiple time steps, a combination of total power provided by the grid to satisfy a power demand of the railway system, a state-of-charge of each energy storage device, power supplied to charge the energy storage device and power supplied by the energy storage device. The optimizing is subject to constraints on operations of the railway system over multiple time steps. The constraints include a complementarity constraint. A command is generated to control the energy consumption of the railway system based on the optimized control parameters.
id-WO2014147918A1    abstract-原動機の回転数制御を行う際に、締結要素の押付力に対する伝達トルクの関係を検出して、この押付力に対する伝達トルクの関係を学習可能とする車両の変速制御装置を提供する。 自動変速機（３）の変速制御を行う変速コントローラ（２１）は、自動変速機（３）の締結要素としての係合クラッチ（８３）における押付力と伝達トルクとの関係を学習する学習制御部）の学習制御時には、係合クラッチ（８３）の締結の際に、係合クラッチ（８３）の変速後の出力回転数としての変速後モータ回転数（ａｆＮｍｏ２）に対し、係合クラッチ（８３）の入力回転数に、予め設定された学習用差回転（ｄＮｍｏ２）を持たせた回転数をモータジェネレータ（ＭＧ）の目標回転数（ｔＮｍｏ２）として回転数制御する差回転制御部（図５の処理を実行する構成）を備えていることを特徴とする車両の変速制御装置とした。
id-DE102013204913A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft Fahrzeuge, die einen Elektromotor umfassen. Insbesondere betrifft die Erfindung Fahrzeuge mit Elektromotor, welche im Anhängerbetrieb betrieben werden können. Es wird eine Steuereinheit für ein Fahrzeug beschrieben. Das Fahrzeug umfasst einen Motor/Generator, der eingerichtet ist, im Motorbetrieb eine rekuperierende Achse des Fahrzeugs anzutreiben, und im Generatorbetrieb die rekuperierende Achse des Fahrzeugs zu verzögern. Die Steuereinheit ist eingerichtet, zu ermitteln, ob das Fahrzeug einen Anhänger zieht. Desweiteren ist die Steuereinheit eingerichtet, zu ermitteln, ob durch den Motor/Generator ein erster Verzögerungsanteil an der rekuperierenden Achse bewirkt wird. Darüber hinaus ist die Steuereinheit eingerichtet, zu veranlassen, dass an einer nicht-rekuperierenden Achse des Fahrzeugs ein zweiter Verzögerungsanteil bewirkt wird, wenn das Fahrzeug einen Anhänger zieht und wenn durch den Motor/Generator ein erster Verzögerungsanteil an der rekuperierenden Achse bewirkt wird.
id-KR101437349B1    abstract-본 발명은 다기능 에너지저장장치 기반의 철도연계형 전기자동차 충전전력 시스템에 관한 것으로서, 전기자동차 충전시스템(10)과 직접적으로 연결되어 기 충전된 전력을 전기자동차로 공급하되, 철도 전력 피크시 또는 비상시 전기자동차의 배터리로부터 전력을 공급받아 충전하는 다기능 충전장치(100); 급전모선과 연결되어 직류 급전계통에 발생하는 회생에너지의 충전을 제어하고, 급전계통의 전압강하가 커지는 경우, 다기능 에너지 저장장치(100)의 충전전력을 직류 급전계통으로 공급하는 양방향 컨버터(200); 및 다기능 충전장치(100)와 전기자동차 충전시스템(10)과 직접 접속되어 직류 급전계통에 발생하는 회생에너지를 전기자동차로 공급하도록 스위칭하되, 다기능 충전장치(100)가 완전히 충전되는 경우, 전기자동차 충전시스템으로 회생에너지의 전력을 직접 공급하도록 스위칭하는 바이패스 스위치(300);를 포함한다. 상기와 같은 본 발명에 따르면, 회생에너지 및 신재생에너지를 저장할 수 있을 뿐만 아니라 전기자동차 충전시스템과 연계하여 전기자동차를 충전하는 전력을 공급하는 다기능 에너지저장장치를 제공함으로써, 철도에서 발생하는 회생에너지 및 신재생에너지원을 통해 전력을 저장하고 부족한 전력은 심야(철도 미운행시간)에 기존 교류 전력망에서 충전이 가능한 효과가 있다.
id-US20160039311A1    abstract-The movement speed v of a moving body having drive wheels driven by a motor, the rotational speed ω of the drive wheels of the moving body, and the actual torque value T m  generated by the motor are acquired. Subsequently, a slip rate estimation unit ( 741 ) estimates the slip rate λ of the drive wheels on the basis of the movement speed v and the rotation speed ω. Further, a drive torque estimation unit ( 742 ) estimates the drive torque T d  of the drive wheels on the basis of the rotational speed ω and the actual torque value T m . Next, a limit value calculation unit ( 743 ) calculates a limit value L for a torque command value T c  on the basis of the slip rate λ and the drive torque T d . Further, a limiter unit ( 744 ) limits the torque command value T c  using the limit value L, generates a torque setting value T s , and sends the generated torque setting value T s  to a motor drive system ( 900 ). As a result, it is possible to quickly realize control in accordance with changes in the road surface state, thus allowing safe travel while ensuring the needed drive power.
id-IN2014CH01286A    abstract-A drive system includes a control unit and a traction device. The control unit is configured to receive a load variation signal indicating a vehicle load is to be or being changed and generate a traction torque in response to the load variation signal. The traction device is coupled to the control unit and configured to drive a vehicle according to the traction torque. Fig.l
id-DE102013005086A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung stellt ein Elektrofahrzeug (10) mit einstellbarem Schleppmoment bereit. Dabei weist das Elektrofahrzeug (10) eine Bedieneinheit auf, die mit einem Steuergerät zum Einstellen des Schleppmoments gekoppelt ist und die zur manuellen Einstellung des Schleppmoments vorgesehen ist. Erfindungsgemäß ist zumindest ein Radarsensor des Elektrofahrzeug (10) mit dem Steuergerät gekoppelt, welches zur automatischen Einstellung des Schleppmoments basierend auf Informationen des Radarsensors konfiguriert ist, wobei das Elektrofahrzeug (10) zumindest eine zweite, mit dem Steuergerät gekoppelte Bedieneinheit (2.1, 2.2) aufweist, mit der die manuelle Einstellung des Schleppmoments mittels der ersten Bedieneinheit oder die radarbasierte automatische Einstellung des Schleppmoments auswählbar ist. Ferner offenbart die Erfindung ein Verfahren zum Einstellen eines Schleppmoments.
id-JP2014183662A    abstract-【課題】インバータを適切に保護しながらバッテリを適切な状態とする。 【解決手段】回生発電機能を持つ回転電機１０と、バッテリ２０と、複数のスイッチング素子３１を有するインバータ３０と、複数のスイッチング素子３１の相関温度を取得する温度取得手段３３ａ，３３ｂと、バッテリ２０と複数のスイッチング素子３１との間にスイッチ部３５ｓを介して接続され、スイッチ部３５ｓのオンオフに応じてバッテリ２０の電力を消費する抵抗部３５ｒと、複数のスイッチング素子３１を切り換えてバッテリ２０の電力を消費するスイッチング放電制御及びスイッチ部３５ｓをオンにして抵抗部３５ｒによりバッテリ２０の電力を消費する抵抗放電制御の少なくとも一方を実施する制御手段４とを備える。制御手段４は、相関温度が所定温度以上のときにスイッチング放電制御を停止して抵抗放電制御を実施する。 【選択図】図１
id-DE102014204803A1    abstract-Ein System und Verfahren zur Steuerung eines Elektrofahrzeugs sind bereitgestellt. Das Elektrofahrzeug umfasst zumindest eine Steuervorrichtung, die konfiguriert ist, einen Überspannungsfehler festzustellen, wenn die Spannung einer elektrischen Maschine eine Überspannungsschwelle überschreitet. Als Antwort auf den Überspannungsfehler werden die elektrische Maschine und ein variabler Spannungswandler (VVC) deaktiviert. Wird bestimmt, dass die Spannung der elektrischen Maschine auf zumindest eine Sicherheitsschwelle gesunken ist, die niedriger ist als die Überspannungsschwelle, ist die Steuerung konfiguriert, den VVC auf einen eingeschränkten Betriebsmodus zu setzen. Wird bestimmt, dass die Spannung der elektrischen Maschine auf zumindest eine dritte Schwelle gesunken ist, die niedriger ist als die Sicherheitsschwelle und die Überspannungsschwelle, ist die Steuerung konfiguriert, die elektrische Maschine zu reaktivieren und den VVC auf einen normalen Betriebsmodus zu setzen. Der eingeschränkte Betriebsmodus erlaubt es dem Fahrzeug, den Fahrzeugantrieb während des Fahrzyklus aufrechtzuerhalten, während sich die elektrische Maschine von einem vorübergehenden Zustand erholt, der den Überspannungsfehler verursacht.
id-KR101448760B1    abstract-본 발명은 연료전지 스택 진단 시스템에 포함되는 파워 트랜지스터를 이용하는 장치 및 방법에 관한 것이다. 이를 위한 본 발명의 실시예는, 연료전지 스택 진단 시스템으로서, 연료전지 스택의 전압 및 전류를 측정하여 상기 연료전지 스택의 상태를 진단 분석하는 진단 제어 분석기와, 상기 진단 제어 분석기의 제어에 따라 진단용 교류신호를 발생하는 교류신호 발생기, 및 상기 교류신호 발생기에서 출력되는 교류신호에 따라 구동되어 상기 연료전지 스택의 전류에 진단을 위한 교류 성분이 포함되도록 하는 파워 트랜지스터를 포함하는 연료전지 스택 진단 시스템의 상기 파워 트랜지스터를 이용하는 장치에 있어서, 상기 연료전지 스택 진단 시스템이 장착되는 연료전지 자동차의 회생제동을 검출하는 회생제동 검출부; 상기 연료전지 자동차의 회생제동에 따른 전압 상승이 설정값 이상인지를 판단하는 전압상승 판단부; 상기 전압상승 판단부에 의해 판단된 상기 회생제동에 따른 전압 상승이 설정값 이상이면, 상기 회생제동에 따른 전압이 상기 파워 트랜지스터에서 방전 소모되도록 상기 교류신호 발생기를 제어하는 파워 트랜지스터 제어부;를 포함할 수 있다.
id-DE102013102584A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Laden einer Batterie mit einer Elektromaschine, bei dem der Batterie von der Elektromaschine während mindestens zwei aufeinanderfolgenden Ladevorgängen Energie mit einer Ladeleistung PSt bereitgestellt wird, wobei die Ladeleistung PSt für einen k + 1-ten Ladevorgang in Abhängigkeit eines Temperaturgradienten mGr der Elektromaschine während eines k-ten Ladevorgangs eingestellt wird.
id-DE102013005113A1    abstract-Durch die Kraftübertragung über die Räder mittels Antriebsriemen, wird das hohe Übersetzungsverhältnis auf die Generator genutzt. Die Gummiräder dienen auch der Antriebsriemen Spannung.
id-CN104071011A    abstract-本发明提供一种车辆的高电压系统控制装置。通过本发明，提高具有高电压系统的车辆的安全性。本发明的车辆（10）具备高电压系统（23），高电压系统（23）具有电动发电机（12）和电池（22），基于来自车间距离检测器（25）的信号检测前行车与本车之间的车间距离。车辆（10）中设置有根据车间距离来制动车辆的自动制动器（31），当在车辆（10）以高车速行驶的状态下自动制动器（31）工作时，通过主继电器（24）切断高电压系统（23）。
id-DE102013003801A1    abstract-Bei einem Fahrzeug mit einer elektrischen Motor-Generator-Einheit (4), einer wiederaufladbaren Batterie (6, 7) und einer Steuereinheit (5) zum Steuern des Zusammenwirkens der Batterie (6, 7) und der Motor-Generator-Einheit (4) umfasst die Batterie (6, 7) wenigstens eine erste (6) und eine zweite Einheit (7). Die erste Einheit (6) ist getrennt von der zweiten Einheit (7) aus dem Fahrzeug entnehmbar, und die Steuereinheit (4) ist eingerichtet, einen Ladestrom der ersten Einheit (6) unabhängig von einem Ladestrom der zweiten Einheit (7) zu steuern.
id-KR101458825B1    abstract-본 발명에 따른 회생발전을 이용하는 배터리팩은 복수 개의 배터리셀이 적층되어 형성되는 배터리팩모듈과, 상기 배터리팩모듈 내의 개별 배터리셀들에 접속되는 셀선택스위치모듈과, 상기 셀선택스위치모듈에 연결되는 배터리팩제어부와, 회생발전을 위한 회생발전모듈과, 상기 회생발전모듈로부터의 전압을 감지하기 위한 전압센싱부와, 상기 회생발전모듈로부터 상기 배터리팩모듈에 공급되는 전원의 전원공급시간을 지연시키기 위한 지연회로부와, 상기 회생발전모듈로부터 상기 배터리팩모듈에 공급되는 전원의 전압과 전류를 조절하기 위한 전압전류조절부를 포함한다. 본 발명에 의해, 회생발전 시 갑작스런 쇼크 전력이 배터리팩에 공급되는 것을 방지할 수 있다. 또한, 회생발전에 의해 발생되는 전력을 안정적인 정전압 및 정전류로 변환하여 배터리팩에 공급할 수 있다.
id-KR20140119347A    abstract-본 발명은 회생제동 구조를 작은 공간에서 간단한 구조로 달성되는 회생제동이 가능한 모터에 대한 것으로, 중심축에 연결된 고정자와 상기 고정자 내측에서 상기 중심축에 대하여 회전가능하게 연결된 회전자;를 포함하는 모터로서, 상기 회전자 내측에 배치되며, 상기 회전자와 연결된 변속기; 상기 변속기에 연결된 출력축; 상기 출력축과 회전자를 연결하는 회생제동 클러치 구조를 포함하며, 상기 출력축과 회전자가 연결되어 일체로 회전될 때, 상기 변속기는 상기 회전자 혹은 출력축에 대하여 자유롭게 회전되며, 상기 회생제동 클러치 구조는 상기 회전자와 상기 출력축의 회전속도 차이로 인하여 상기 출력축과 회전자가 일체로 회전되는 회생제동이 가능한 모터를 제공한다.
id-DE102013204542A1    abstract-Fahrzeug mit einer elektrischen Maschine in einem elektrifizierten Antriebsstrang und mit einer Anzeigeeinheit, so, dass das Fahrzeug eine leistungselektronische Regeleinheit umfasst, die Regeleinheit eine mechanische Ausgangsleistung der elektrischen Maschine regelt, die Regeleinheit einen Wert der mechanischen Ausgangsleistung an die Anzeigeeinheit übermittelt.
id-DE102013203890A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Brennstoffzellensystem mit einer Luftfördereinrichtung zur Versorgung einer Elektrodenseite der Einzelzellen des Brennstoffzellensystems über eine Luft-Versorgungsleitung, sowie mit einer Sauerstoffanreicherungsvorrichtung, welche in einem stromab der Luftfördereinrichtung liegenden Abzweig von der Luft-Versorgungsleitung vorgesehen ist und damit von der Luftfördereinrichtung Umgebungsluft erhält, von der eine Teilmenge mit erhöhtem Sauerstoffanteil mittels der gleichen Luftfördereinrichtung über eine Ausgangsleitung der Sauerstoffanreicherungsvorrichtung letztlich den Elektrodenseiten der Einzelzellen zugeführt wird, wobei die Ausgangsleitung der Sauerstoffanreicherungsvorrichtung über eine Einleitung nach Art einer Strahlpumpe (Ejektor) stromab der Luftfördereinrichtung in der Luft-Versorgungsleitung mündet. Bei einem erfindungsgemäßen Brennstoffzellensystem in einem Kraftfahrzeug mit zumindest einer mit dem Fahrzeugantrieb gekoppelten Elektromaschine, die im Schubbetrieb oder Bremsbetrieb des Kraftfahrzeugs als elektrischer Generator arbeitet, wird zumindest ein Teil der hierbei erzeugten elektrischen Energie direkt, d. h. ohne elektrische Zwischenspeicherung, für den Antrieb der Luftfördereinrichtung verwendet.
id-JP5954555B2    abstract-
id-EP2989436B1    abstract-
id-EP2983270A1    abstract-A control apparatus that is capable of quickly charging a storage battery and allowing the storage battery to store a large amount of electric power is provided. A control apparatus 1 controls charging from a power generator 22 to a storage battery 23. A switch 10 is provided on a first charge channel via which the power generator 22 charges the storage battery 23, and a DCDC converter 11 is provided on a second charge channel via which the power generator 22 charges the storage battery 23. The DCDC converter 11 steps up a voltage generated by the power generator 22, and applies the stepped-up voltage to the storage battery 23 via an electric wire 21. A control unit 14 controls the switch 10 and the DCDC converter 11 such that, when a charge current value detected by an electric current detection unit 12 becomes smaller than a predetermined value under a condition where the storage battery 23 is being charged via the first charge channel, charging to the storage battery 23 is switched to charging via the second charge channel.
id-RU2637837C2    abstract-Группа изобретений относится к подаче электроэнергии к оборудованию транспортных средств с электротягой. Устройство для эксплуатации потребителя электроэнергии рельсового транспортного средства выполнено с возможностью работы от произведенной в процессе торможения электроэнергии. Устройство для эксплуатации содержит блок управления для регулирования работы потребителя в двух рабочих режимах. Первый рабочий режим предназначен для работы потребителя в первой рабочей фазе во время фазы торможения. Второй рабочий режим предназначен для работы потребителя во второй рабочей фазе во время предшествующей фазе торможения. Блок управления регулирует работу потребителя таким образом, чтобы его рабочая нагрузка во втором рабочем режиме была ниже, чем в первом. Устройство для эксплуатации содержит блок, предназначенный для выбора параметра инициирования второй рабочей фазы в зависимости от параметра фазы торможения. Блок управления регулирует работу потребителя таким образом, что при переходе в первый рабочий режим изменяет пороговое значение регулярного параметра для повышения нагрузки. Технический результат заключается в более эффективном потреблении энергии, производимой в процессе торможения. 3 н. и 7 з.п. ф-лы, 7 ил.
id-US10023173B2    abstract-An electromotive drive system including a small motor and a small-capacity battery more effectively improves the fuel economy of an engine-driven vehicle. An electromotive drive system includes: a motor for driving a vehicle; a battery storing electrical energy to rotate the motor; an inverter; a converting mechanism transmitting rotation of the motor to a drive shaft at a predetermined conversion ratio independently of a conversion ratio at which an engine is driven; and a control unit controlling an operation of the inverter. The control unit is configured so that upper vehicle speed limits, to which the motor is allowed to operate, can be set separately during powering and during regeneration, respectively.
id-WO2014174865A1    abstract-誘導電動機を減速する際に誘導電動機と負荷の慣性モーメントに起因した回転エネルギーが電力変換装置に回生されるため、この回生エネルギーを熱エネルギーとして処理するための回生エネルギー処理用の半導体スイッチや制動用の抵抗器やその制御回路が必要であり、電力変換装置を小型化することができないという問題があった。　交流電源の交流電圧を整流して直流電圧に変換する順変換器と、前記順変換器の直流電圧を交流電圧に変換する逆変換器と、誘導電動機の一次抵抗値Ｒ１と二次抵抗値Ｒ２と一次電流値ｉ１と励磁電流値ｉｍを用いてすべりを演算し、該誘導電動機の減速時または回生時に、該演算したすべりに対応する周波数以下の周波数成分の出力電圧を可変電圧可変周波数の出力電圧に重畳する制御部と、を備える電力変換装置である。
id-WO2014174221A3    abstract-Architecture électronique (3) pour la commande d'un convertisseur de tension continu/alternatif (2), ledit convertisseur (2) comprenant une pluralité de bras montés en parallèle, chaque bras comprenant deux cellules de commutation (21) commandables, en série et séparées par un point milieu, les bras étant appariés selon des ponts en H (20), l'architecture (3) comprenant : - une unité de contrôle principale (36), configurée pour communiquer à travers une barrière de potentiel (61) avec une unité de contrôle distante (35), et - une pluralité d'unités de contrôle secondaires (37), chaque unité de contrôle secondaire (37) étant dédiée à la commande d'un pont en H (20) respectif, et comprenant : - une unité de traitement (40) des informations reçues depuis l'unité de contrôle principale (36), et - une unité de pilotage (41) des cellules de commutation commandables (21) dudit pont en H (20), ladite unité de pilotage (41) étant configurée pour modifier l'état de tout ou partie desdites cellules de commutation (21) dudit pont en H (20) au moins sur la base d'informations reçues depuis l'unité de traitement (40) correspondante.
id-CN105209300A    abstract-一种将车载的光发电面板的发电量输出至显示单元的发电量输出装置，具有：取得上述光发电面板的发电量的发电量取得单元、根据本车的车辆状况来使上述显示单元输出的发电量的变动降低的变动降低单元、以及将上述变动降低单元使变动降低后的发电量输出至上述显示单元的发电量输出单元。
id-DE102013104211A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Straßenfertiger (30) oder Beschicker, einen Verdichter sowie ein System und ein Verfahren zum Betreiben elektrischer Straßenbaumaschinen. Ein elektrischer Betrieb beziehungsweise Antrieb einer ersten Straßenbaumaschine, wie beispielsweise einer Straßenwalze, ist vorgesehen. Zur Versorgung derselben wird ein elektrischer Energiespeicher (26) verwendet. Der Energiespeicher (26) wird durch eine zweite Straßenbaumaschine, insbesondere einen Straßenfertiger (30), mittels einer Ladestation (46) geladen. Dazu wird der Energiespeicher (26) zwischen den Straßenbaumaschinen mit Hilfe eines Wechselsystems ausgetauscht.
id-JPWO2014162830A1    abstract-S21で目標加速度αを求め、S22で、α実現用のモータトルク指令値tTmを求め、S23で、tTmがモータ定格トルクを超えないよう制限して加速トルク指令値tTm_Limと定める。S24で、目標ヨーレートtφを検索し、S25で、tφを実現するヨーモーメントMyを演算する。S26で、Myを生じさせる左右輪モータトルク差ΔtTmを演算し、S27で、左右輪の加速トルク指令値tTm_Limをトルク差ΔtTmの半値（ΔtTm/2）だけ加減算して、過渡ヨーレート制御用モータトルク指令値tTm_Yを求める。S28でtTm_Yが、制御応答の高いほどモータ定格トルクよりも大きく定めた過渡ヨーレート制御時モータトルク許容上限値Tm_Lim_Yを超えることのないよう制限して、モータの駆動制御に資する。
id-DE102013103949A1    abstract-Bei einer mobilen Arbeitsmaschine, insbesondere einem Flurförderzeug, mit mindestens einem elektrischem Fahrantriebsmotor (17) und mit einer Brennstoffzelle (4) zur Erzeugung von elektrischer Energie aus einem Brennstoff, wird durch die Abwärme der Brennstoffzelle (4) ein Stirlingmotor (2) angetrieben, der mit einem Generator (14) verbunden ist, und elektrische Energie erzeugt, oder durch die Abwärme der Brennstoffzelle (4) ein thermoelektrischer Generator (21) beheizt, und/oder durch die Abwärme der Brennstoffzelle (4) eine Fahrerkabine beheizt.
id-DE102013206913A1    abstract-Die Erfindung schafft eine Vorrichtung (100) zum Betreiben einer Rekuperationseinrichtung (10) eines Kraftfahrzeuges (1), mit einer Erfassungseinrichtung (101), welche dazu ausgelegt ist, mindestens einen Fahrzustand des Kraftfahrzeuges (100) zu erfassen; einer Vergleichseinrichtung (102), welche mit der Erfassungseinrichtung (101) gekoppelt ist und welche dazu ausgelegt ist, den erfassten mindestens einen Fahrzustand mit in einer Speichereinrichtung (104) abgespeicherten Fahrzustandswerten zu vergleichen und darauf basierend mindestens ein Vergleichsergebnis zu ermitteln; und einer Steuerungseinrichtung (103), welche mit der Vergleichseinrichtung (102) gekoppelt ist und welche dazu ausgelegt ist, anhand des ermittelten mindestens einen Vergleichsergebnisses die Rekuperationseinrichtung (10) des Kraftfahrzeuges (1) zu betreiben.
id-CN105143007A    abstract-实施方式的车辆控制装置具有：再生控制部、判断部、驱动控制部、放电控制部。再生控制部进行电动发电机的再生控制。判断部判断是否正在通过电动发电机进行再生控制，在正在进行再生控制的情况下，判断蓄电池的状态量是否超过了规定的阈值。驱动控制部，在正在进行再生控制并且蓄电池的状态量超过阈值的情况下，将车辆的驱动轴和电动发电机断开。放电控制部在将驱动轴与电动发电机分离的状态下，使电动发电机通电运转，使蓄电池放电。
id-DE102014207814A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein hydrostatisches Kupplungsbetätigungssystem mit einem ersten und einem zweiten hydrostatisch betätigbaren Nehmerzylinder, mit denen zwei Kupplungen unabhängig voneinander betätigbar sind. Die Erfindung zeichnet sich dadurch aus, dass die beiden hydrostatisch betätigbaren Nehmerzylinder über eine verzweigte hydraulische Strecke hydrostatisch mit nur einer hydraulischen Stelleinrichtung verbunden sind.
id-DE102013103415A1    abstract-Bei einem Verfahren zur Steuerung eines Bremssystems eines Flurförderzeugs mit elektrischen Fahrantriebsmotoren, die generatorisch bremsen können, sowie mindestens einer zusätzlichen mechanischen Betriebsbremse, wobei durch einen Fahrsignalgeber (1), insbesondere ein Fahrpedal, durch ein Fahrsignal (2) die Fahrgeschwindigkeit der Fahrantriebsmotoren geregelt wird und durch einen Bremsgeber (3), insbesondere ein Bremspedal, die mechanische Betriebsbremse betätigt werden kann, mit den Schritten einer Erzeugung eines generatorischen Bremsmoments (5) in den Fahrantriebsmotoren während einer Reduzierung des Fahrsignals (2) des Fahrsignalgebers (1) sowie einer generatorischen Bremsung bei Erreichen eines Fahrsignals (2) mit dem Wert Null, wird bei einer Betätigung des Bremsgebers (3) der mechanischen Betriebsbremse das generatorische Bremsmoment (5) in den Fahrantriebsmotoren durch eine Steuerung zur Einhaltung eines maximal zulässigen Gesamtbremsmoments (14) geregelt.
id-FR3005003A1    abstract-L'invention concerne un procédé régénératif d'énergie de véhicule hybride permettant d'améliorer la quantité d'énergie pouvant être récupérée lors de l'intervention d'un assistant électronique de trajectoire. Lorsqu'un moyen de freinage récupératif (MELAR) est contraint par une commande de couple émanant d'un assistant électronique de trajectoire, le procédé permet de commander un deuxième moyen de freinage récupératif (MELAV) pour récupérer la variation de couple de freinage. L'invention s'applique aux véhicules hybrides disposant au moins de deux moyens de freinage récupératif.
id-CN105228870B    abstract-本发明涉及制动装置，第一电子控制装置(120)基于相对于从第一致动器(110)输出的工作液的流量的液压的变动量，推断是否已开始第二致动器(210)的工作。第一电子控制装置(120)在未接收第二致动器(210)的工作信息的情况下(S16：否)，也在推断出第二致动器(210)的工作开始的情况下(S17：是)将控制模式设定为同时工作模式。在同时工作模式中，设定以第二致动器(210)正在工作为前提的线性控制阀(77、78)的控制常量，并且，对于混合动力电子控制单元(8)发送再生制动的停止指令。
id-US9586486B2    abstract-A control device for a recuperative braking system of a vehicle includes: an actuating device configured to (i) select the maximum value of a front axle generator braking torque and of a rear axle generator braking torque, taking into account at least one provided default variable concerning a setpoint total braking torque which is predefined by a driver, (ii) control an electric motor, and (iii) control a hydraulic front axle brake circuit component and a hydraulic rear axle brake circuit component in such a way that a front axle brake pressure and a rear axle brake pressure are settable in such a way that a difference between a predefined setpoint braking torque distribution and an actual braking torque distribution present between the front axle and the rear axle is minimized.
id-EP3006291B1    abstract-
id-US9950630B2    abstract-While a current cutoff mechanism cuts off charging and discharging currents for a second electric storage device, a DC/DC converter is controlled so as to be in a state where electric power is supplied from a low-voltage side to a high-voltage side, applies voltage conversion to an input voltage of the low-voltage side so that an output voltage of the high-voltage side becomes a predetermined voltage, and after a predetermined state where the induction voltage of the AC power generator can be supplied to the low-voltage side is reached, control of the DC/DC converter is switched from the state where electric power is supplied from the low-voltage side to the high-voltage side to a state where electric power is supplied from the high-voltage side to the low-voltage side.
id-US9168845B2    abstract-Disclosed is a method of controlling an operation mode of a fuel cell in a fuel cell vehicle wherein, (a) when a driver-demanded torque is lower than a first torque, and a current state of charge (SOC) in a battery is higher than a first SOC, the operation mode of the fuel cell is converted to a stop mode, and (b) when the driver-demanded torque is higher than a second torque, or the current SOC in the battery is lower than a second SOC, the operation mode is converted to a start mode, wherein the second torque is higher than the first torque and the second SOC is lower than the first SOC.
id-JP2014230322A    abstract-【課題】  電気自動車につき、モータの力行制御時、回生制御時において、モータの応答性の向上を図り、且つ、乗員の乗り心地の改善に繋がる電気自動車の制御装置を提供する。 【解決手段】  モータコントロール部２９は、ＥＣＵ２１からのトルク指令に対してインバータ内で生成された指令電流値の偏差を無くすＰＩフィードバック制御を行う電流ＰＩ制御部と、この電流ＰＩ制御部でＰＩフィードバック制御するときに用いるＰＩ制御ゲインを走行状態に応じて設定した力行制御用および回生制御用のＰＩ制御ゲイン制御用テーブル３５と、このＰＩ制御ゲイン制御用テーブル３５に従い走行状態に応じたＰＩ制御ゲインを用いるように電流ＰＩ制御部のＰＩ制御ゲインを調整する制御ゲイン調整部３４とを有する。 【選択図】      図２
id-US20170051819A1    abstract-A vehicle system, comprising an internal combustion engine, a transmission enclosed within a transmission case coupled to a gaseous fuel source, the transmission case having an amount of gaseous fuel located therein. Housing the transmission in a case containing low density gaseous fuel reduces the power losses from air resistance and increases fuel efficiency.
id-US9956890B2    abstract-An electric vehicle includes a motor, an ECU, and an inverter device. A motor control module of the inverter device includes: a parameter map having motor parameters stored therein; an open loop control section to generate control variables in open loop control by a voltage equation using the parameters stored in the parameter map, in response to a torque command from the ECU; a current feedback control section to perform control to eliminate a deviation relative to a command current value generated in an inverter, in response to the torque command from the ECU; and a hybrid control section to control the motor on the basis of control variables which are generated on the basis of the control variables generated by the open loop control section and control variables generated by the current feedback control section.
id-DE102013209175A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Abbremsen eines Fahrzeugs mit den Schritten Abbremsen mindestens einer ersten Achse des Fahrzeugs mittels mindestens eines durch mindestens einen ersten Elektromotor (50) bewirkten ersten Generator-Bremsmoments (Mgen1), und Zumindest zeitweises Ansteuern des mindestens einen ersten Elektromotors (50) zum Ausüben des ersten Generator-Bremsmoments (Mgen1) auf die erste Achse und des mindestens einen ersten Elektromotors (50) und/oder mindestens eines zweiten Elektromotors (52) zum Ausüben eines zweiten Generator-Bremsmoments (Mgen2) auf eine zweite Achse des Fahrzeugs derart, dass ein Verhältnis aus einem auf die erste Achse ausgeübten ersten Gesamt-Bremsmoment umfassend zumindest das erste Generator-Bremsmoment (Mgen1) und einem gleichzeitig auf die zweite Achse ausgeübten zweiten Gesamt-Bremsmoment umfassend zumindest das zweite Generator-Bremsmoment (Mgen2) einer vorgegebenen Soll-Bremskraftverteilung entspricht. Ebenso betrifft die Erfindung eine Steuervorrichtung für ein rekuperatives Bremssystem eines Fahrzeugs und ein rekuperatives Bremssystem für ein Fahrzeug.
id-WO2014188870A1    abstract-車両１の運転に必要な負荷が、高負荷領域では内燃機関１０の駆動力だけで車両を走行させる「内燃機関単独運転」を行い、低負荷領域では、内燃機関１０ではＰＭ捕集フィルタ１２ｂの再生のための運転を行うと共に電動発電機２０の駆動力だけで車両１を走行させる「モータ走行運転」を行い、回生領域では、内燃機関１０ではＰＭ捕集フィルタ１２ｂの再生のための運転を行うと共に車両１の車輪３４の駆動軸３３，３１からの駆動力で電動発電機２０を駆動してエネルギーを回収する「回生制御運転」を行う。これにより、内燃機関１０の排気通路１１に備えたＰＭ捕集フィルタ１２ｂの再生制御時に、電動発電機２０による発電を併用しながら、内燃機関１０の運転を再生制御に専念させることで、ＰＭ捕集フィルタ１２ｂの再生制御時間の短縮と燃費低減効果を図る。
id-JPWO2014181616A1    abstract-本発明では、エンジンとモータジェネレータとを備え、エンジントルクを用いてモータジェネレータにより発電した電力をバッテリに充電しながら走行するハイブリッド車両の制御装置において、バッテリの充電量が所定値以上の場合、要求駆動トルクが所定トルク以下のときはモータジェネレータによる発電トルクを増大させ、要求駆動トルクが所定トルクより大きいときはモータジェネレータによる発電トルクを減少させることとした。
id-DE102013209837A1    abstract-Es wird eine Rekuperationsanordnung (1) zur Energierückgewinnung und Energiespeicherung in einem Kraftfahrzeug beschrieben, wobei die Rekuperationsanordnung (1) wenigstens eine erste und eine zweite Speichereinheit (3a, 3b, 3c) jeweils zur Speicherung von Energie aufweist. Die Rekuperationsanordnung (1) weist ferner eine Steuereinheit (5) auf und die Speichereinheiten (3a, 3b, 3c) unterscheiden sich hinsichtlich darin eingesetzter Energiespeicherprinzipien, wobei die Steuereinheit (5) dazu ausgeführt ist, eine von einer Energiequelle (7) bereitgestellte speicherbare Energiemenge oder eine einem Energieverbraucher bereitzustellende Energiemenge zu bestimmen und wenigstens eine der Speichereinheiten (3a, 3b, 3c) zu bestimmen, in die die Energiemenge gespeichert oder aus der die Energiemenge bereitgestellt werden soll. Die Steuereinheit (5) ist dabei dazu ausgeführt, die aktuell zum Speichern oder Bereitstellen bestimmte Speichereinheit (3a, 3b, 3c) basierend auf Parametern auszuwählen, welche Informationen zu jeder der Speichereinheiten (3a, 3b, 3c) enthalten.
id-DE102013208329A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Kraftfahrzeugs (1), das wenigstens eine elektrische Maschine (6, 7) und mindestens ein mit der elektrischen Maschine (6, 7) wirkverbundenes und mit einer Fahrbahn in Kontakt stehendes Rad aufweist, wobei in Abhängigkeit einer Rekuperationsanforderung (MSoll) die elektrische Maschine (6, 7) generatorisch betrieben wird, und wobei in Abhängigkeit von einer aktuellen Drehzahl geprüft wird, ob sich das Kraftfahrzeug in einer instabilen Fahrsituation befindet. Es ist vorgesehen, dass die aktuelle Drehzahl (ωist) und das aktuelle Drehmoment (Mist) der elektrischen Maschine (6, 7) laufend erfasst werden, und dass in deren Abhängigkeit bestimmt wird, ob sich das Kraftfahrzeug (1) aktuell in einer instabilen Fahrsituation befindet.
id-WO2014188652A1    abstract-同じ道を戻る走行の場合に、記憶させたポイントまで現在のバッテリ残量で戻れるか否かを表示してドライバ等に知らせることができる電気自動車の航続距離通知装置を提供する。　電気自動車は、航続距離通知装置1、ナビゲーション装置6、および下り坂でエネルギを回収可能な回生エネルギ装置3,4を備える。航続距離通知装置１は、所定ポイントでのバッテリ2の電力残量を検出するバッテリ残量検出手段と、往路中の勾配抵抗により回収した回収電力の絶対値を、同じ道での復路にて平地走行で必要と推定される推定平地走行必要電力に符号を変えて加算した推定必要量又はこれに相当する量と、バッテリ２の電力残量と、を考慮して、それ以上先に進むと帰りに所定のポイントまで戻れなくなることを判定する引き返し不可能判定手段と、引き返し不可能を判定したときに引き返し不可能に関する情報を通知する通知手段1b、1cと、を有する。
id-JPWO2014192360A1    abstract-回生力による減速度を制御する車両制御装置において、減速度の遅れ感から、ドライバーによるブレーキ踏込で発生するエネルギーのロスを最小限にする。車両の自動変速機のギヤ比とモータの最大トルクから回生によって発生可能の最大減速度を演算し、その減速度により目標車間距離演算部のパラメータを調整することにより、減速の開始タイミング及び減速度の変化のさせ方を予め変更することにより、前記車両のドライバーがブレーキを踏む前に、回生力により前記車両を減速させるように前記モータを制御する車両制御装置。
id-WO2014192371A1    abstract-発電量の増大を図ることができる車両の回転電機制御装置を得ること。　本発明は、界磁巻線型回転電機１１４、１１８を有する車両１０１の回転電機制御装置であって、車両１０１の前方画像に基づいて車両１０１の減速が予測されると判断し、かつ車両１０１のブレーキペダルが未操作状態である場合に、回転電機１１４、１１８の界磁電流を増大させる制御を行うことを特徴とする。
id-CN105283346B    abstract-本发明提供一种电动车辆的电源系统。混合动力车辆能够通过发动机(115)和第二电动发电机(MG2)的输出进行行驶。第一电动发电机(MG1)能够在车辆行驶期间或停车期间使用发动机(115)的输出，发电产生多个直流电源(10a、10b)的充电电力。电源系统(5)包括连接在直流电源(10a、10b)与电力线之间的电力转换器，所述电力线与第一和第二电动发电机(MG1、MG2)共同地连接。控制装置(40)生成第一和第二电动发电机(MG1、MG2)以及发动机(115)的工作指令，以确保基于车辆行驶状态的驱动要求功率和直流电源(10a、10b)整体的充放电要求电力。充放电要求电力的设定根据电力转换器的工作模式来切换。
id-JP6239611B2    abstract-
id-CN103481787B    abstract-一种接触网、动力包和储能装置混合供电的动车组牵引系统，其特征在于：主要包括牵引变压器、动力包、储能装置、牵引变流器、牵引电机，接触网通过受电弓与牵引变压器原边相连，牵引变压器两个副边绕组直接与牵引变流器相连，牵引变流器与牵引电机连接；柴油机与发电机组成内燃动力包，发电机三相输出直接与牵引变流器相连，储能装置与牵引变流器中间直流母线相连。本发明可以同时运行在电气化线路和非电气化线路上，可以通过动力包和储能装置提供的动力实现自救。
id-US9458813B2    abstract-A control unit of a vehicle electric power supply apparatus controls an opening and closing unit to set a switch to an OFF state and a voltage detection unit to detect an output voltage of a first power source and an output voltage of a second power source when a second electric load is to be driven, and the control unit inhibits driving of the second electric load when the absolute value of the difference between the output voltage of the first power source and the output voltage of the second power source detected by the voltage detection unit is a predetermined first threshold value or less over a predetermined length of time.
id-CN105377619B    abstract-本马达驱动控制装置具有：(A)驱动部，其对马达进行驱动；以及(B)再生控制部，其对驱动部进行控制，以产生与车体加速度、车体速度以及根据踏板旋转而得到的踏板旋转换算速度对应的再生制动力。
id-US10293702B2    abstract-The embodiments described herein relate to a reconfigurable energy storage system. In one embodiment, the reconfigurable energy storage system comprises a first energy storage system, a second energy storage system and a power converter. The power converter determines a first power level, a second power level and a load coupled to the power converter and manipulates the power transfer between the energy storage systems based on the first power level, the second power level and the load. In another embodiment, the reconfigurable energy storage system also comprises a third energy storage system. In this embodiment, the power converter determines a third power level corresponding to the third energy storage system and manipulates the power transfer between the energy storage systems based also on the third power level. The third power level may correspond to a state of charge of the third energy storage element or amount of power generated by the third energy storage system.
id-CN104228717B    abstract-本发明涉及一种分配交通工具(10)的回收功率的方法，其中，实施下面步骤以分配交通工具(10)的回收功率：确定回收功率。获得至少一个能量消耗器(22、23)的各自额定功率(6)。把回收功率分配给电动的耗能装置(21‑23)，该耗能装置包括能量存储器(21)和该至少一个能量消耗器(22、23)，根据该至少一个能量消耗器(22、23)的各自额定功率(6)这样地把回收功率分配给耗能装置(21‑23)，以致该至少一个能量消耗器(22、23)的平均实际功率相当于或等于该至少一个能量消耗器(22、23)的各自额定功率(6)。
id-CN104249738B    abstract-本发明涉及用于环保型车辆的再生制动的控制设备和方法。提供利用换档拨片的车辆的再生制动量的可变控制设备和方法。该方法包括：由控制器在车辆挂前进（D）档行驶时的再生制动期间基于来自换挡操作单元的信号来感测手动模式的正（+）和负（‑）的换挡。基于来自换档操作单元的信号选择与所选择的档对应的再生制动扭矩图。另外，基于根据所选择的再生制动扭矩图计算的扭矩值来调节驱动电机的再生制动。
id-US20160089981A1    abstract-A control system used in a hybrid vehicle having a drive system including a starter motor, an engine, and a motor/generator, and a power supply system including a high power battery as power supply for the motor/generator, a low power battery as power supply of the vehicle auxiliary equipment, a capacitor as power supply for the starter motor, and a capacitor power supply control unit that controls charging and discharging of the capacitor. The control system includes an auxiliary equipment load power supply system formed by connecting the high power battery and the low power battery via a DC/DC converter, and a starter load power supply system including the capacitor and a capacitor charging circuit controlled by the capacitor power supply control unit, the starter load power supply system being connected to and branching from the DC/DC converter of the auxiliary equipment load power supply system.
id-CN103496327B    abstract-一种动力包和储能装置混合供电的动车组牵引系统，主要包括动力包、储能装置、牵引变流器、牵引电机，牵引变流器与牵引电机连接；柴油机与发电机组成内燃动力包，发电机三相输出直接与牵引变流器相连，储能装置与牵引变流器中间直流母线相连。本发明能够实现跨线运行，可适应不同环境的不同运输需求；在非电气化路段，采用动力包与储能装置混合供电模式，实现无接触网工况的正常运行；在动力包供电能力在无接触网工况下，制动能量通过储能装置进行吸收，实现了能量的循环利用，体现绿色节能理念；能够通过储能装置实现列车加速过程中的功率补给，实现最佳加速性能，由于采用了储能装置，该动车组不仅具有非电气化路段的运行能力，在特殊的雨雪天气或接触网受损时有应急救援和战备功能，还可以作为移动电源使用。
id-KR102193518B1    abstract-본 발명은 에너지 분배 및 소비 시스템에 관한 것이며, 이는 회생 제동 수단제동 수단일 차량들의 그룹; 각각 탑재 배터리를 포함하는 전기적으로 파워가 공급된 버스 차량들의 그룹; 레일 차량의 제동 동안 레일 차량에 의해 발생되는 전기 에너지를 저장하도록 구성되는 전기 에너지 저장 수단; 상기 전기 에너지 저장 수단으로부터 전기 에너지로 그의 탑재 배터리를 충전하기 위해, 버스 차량에 연결되도록 각각 구성되는 복수의 충전 스테이션들을 포함하며, 상기 레일 차량들의 그룹은 미리 정해진 시간 기간 동안 상기 전기 에너지 저장 수단에 전기 에너지의 실질적으로 미리 정해진 순 공급을 제공하도록 구성되고, 상기 버스 차량들의 그룹은 상기 미리 정해진 시간 기간 내에 전기 에너지의 적어도 상기 순 양을 실질적으로 소비하도록 구성된다.
id-US9300233B2    abstract-A vehicle including an AC rotating electric machine, an inverter, and an electronic control unit is provided. When an overcurrent abnormality occurs, i.e., phase current of a motor-generator exceeds a permissible value, in a high rotational speed region, the electronic control unit performs control (upshift control) for shifting up an automatic transmission provided between the motor-generator and driving wheels, or control (neutral control) for bringing the transmission into a released state, so as to reduce the rotational speed of the motor-generator. If phase current is detected even when an all-gate turn-off command is generated to the inverter while the rotational speed of the motor-generator is reduced to be within a low rotational speed region under the upshift control or neutral control, the electronic control unit determines that a short-circuit fault occurs in the inverter.
id-US10173614B2    abstract-A vehicle mounted charger converts external power into drive power, and supplies the power to a drive battery. A first converter supplies the power to an auxiliary device battery by converting the external power into the power for an auxiliary device. A second converter supplies the power to the auxiliary device battery by converting the drive power which is stored in the drive battery into the power for the auxiliary device. In a normal charging mode, the auxiliary device battery is charged by the first converter. Moreover, in a travelling mode or a rapid charging mode, the auxiliary device battery is charged by the second converter.
id-JP6154674B2    abstract-
id-JP5979316B2    abstract-
id-US20160101698A1    abstract-A method is provided for controlling regenerative braking torque, which is produced by an electric machine of a vehicle operating in generator mode in a coasting operation mode of the vehicle, in an open-loop or closed-loop manner in accordance with need. The method detects, on the basis of a specified algorithm, an imminent situation in which the speed of a vehicle should be reduced to a speed lower than the current speed. The method outputs a recommendation directed at the driver to release the accelerator when the expected occurrence of such a situation has been detected. If the driver has released the accelerator, the method controls the regenerative braking torque in an open-loop or closed-loop manner in such a way that the vehicle achieves the lower speed without actuation of the service brake when the situation occurs, or, if this cannot be achieved solely via the recuperation torque, maximizes the vehicle deceleration that can be produced by regenerative braking.
id-JP2015003564A    abstract-【課題】前後加速度センサの出力に依存することなく良好に回生協調制御から液圧制御に切り替えることができる車両用ブレーキ液圧制御装置を提供することを目的とする。【解決手段】車両用ブレーキ液圧制御装置（制御装置１００）は、車輪速センサ９１から車輪速度を取得する車輪速度取得手段１１０と、車体減速度を算出する車体減速度算出手段１５０と、車体減速度と車輪速度とに基いて回生協調制御から液圧制御に切り替える切替手段１６０と、を有し、車体減速度算出手段１５０は、運転者からのブレーキ操作に基く要求減速度に基いて車体減速度を算出する。【選択図】図４
id-CN105308842B    abstract-本发明提供一种电源系统。电力转换器具有：串联直接连接模式，固定多个开关元件的接通断开，以使得维持相对于相同电力量的输入输出而电压变化量不同的第1直流电源和第2直流电源相对于与负载连接的电力线串联连接的状态；和电压控制模式，通过多个开关元件的接通断开控制，将电力线上的输出电压(VH)向电压指令值(VH＊)控制。在电压控制模式中的时刻tx～ta期间，通过伴随第1直流电源和第2直流电源之间的充放电来控制输出电压(VH)，使第1直流电源和第2直流电源的电压之和(Va+Vb)与电压指令值(VH＊)一致。在时刻ta以后应用串联直接连接(SD)模式。
id-JP5945250B2    abstract-
id-KR101720641B1    abstract-차량의 제어 장치는, 내연 기관에 의해 발전기를 동작시키고, 또한, 전동기의 단속 운전을 실행 가능하며, 축전 수단과, 제어 수단을 가진다.  축전 수단은, 전동기로 전력을 공급 가능하면서 발전기의 회생 전력에 의해 충전 가능하다.  그리고, 제어 수단은, 차속이 소정 속도 이하이면서, 축전 수단의 축전 상태에 대응하는 상태량이 소정값 이하인 경우에, 단속 운전 주행 모드를 중지한다.
id-DE102013211716A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren und eine Vorrichtung zum Einstellen eines Rekuperationsverhaltens eines Fahrzeugs (1). Das Rekuperationsverhalten wird unter Berücksichtigung mindestens einer Umgebungsvariablen des Fahrzeugs (1) automatisch einstellbar und ein Fahrzeuginsasse des Fahrzeugs (1) erhält eine Rückmeldung über eine erfolgte Einstellung des Rekuperationsverhaltens. Eine Konfiguration der Einstellung des Rekuperationsverhaltens und bzw. oder eine Konfiguration der Rückmeldung wird auf einem externen Speicher gesichert und/oder wird von einem externen Speicher geladen.
id-WO2014199811A1    abstract-内燃機関１０と電動発電機２０の両方を車両１の走行用の駆動源とする機能を有するハイブリッドシステムを備えたハイブリッド車両１において、ハイブリッド車両１の減速時の目標要求制動トルクＴｔが、電動発電機２０の回生トルクＴ１のみで十分な場合には電動発電機２０による回生トルクＴ１のみを与え、不十分な場合には電動発電機２０による回生トルクＴ１に加えて、圧縮開放ブレーキによる制動トルクＴ２を発生する。また、目標要求制動トルクＴｔが、電動発電機２０の回生トルクＴ１と圧縮開放ブレーキによる制動トルクＴ２の和でも不十分な場合には排気ブレーキ１２による制動トルクＴ３を加える。これにより、制動エネルギーを充電エネルギーとして最大限に利用しながら、車両１の減速時の制動トルクを十分に確保する。
id-US20160368389A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a supercapacitive storage system ( 10 ) for the electricity of a vehicle, characterized in that it comprises a control device ( 12 ) arranged to allow charging of capacitive storage elements ( 11 ) or the storage system ( 10 ) when the voltage of the capacitive storage elements ( 11 ) is below or equal to a maximum voltage value of the operating range of a driving and energy recovery system ( 20 ), and to prohibit charging of the capacitive storage elements ( 11 ) when the voltage of the electricity distribution grid ( 2 ) is above a maximum operating voltage value of the capacitive storage elements ( 11 ), a driving and energy recovery system ( 20 ) and a control method.
id-DE102013010129A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Kraftwagen (10), mit einem Antriebsstrang (12) mit wenigstens einer Stelleinrichtung (26), mittels welcher ein Schleppmoment des Antriebsstrangs (12) einstellbar ist, wobei wenigstens ein im Innenraum des Kraftwagens angeordnetes Bedienelement (28), über welches das Schleppmoment von einem Insassen des Kraftwagens (10) einstellbar ist, und wenigstens eine im Innenraum angeordnete Kommunikationseinrichtung (30) vorgesehen sind, mittels welcher dem Insassen eine durch den Insassen über das Bedienelement (28) zu bewirkende Einstellung des Schleppmoments zu kommunizieren ist, sowie ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines solchen Kraftwagens (10).
id-CN104249727A    abstract-公开了以最小延迟产生制动力的用于车辆的制动系统。提供用于车辆的制动装置，该制动装置包括液压增压器以使车辆的轮产生摩擦制动力。液压增压器包括流体腔室和节流阀。当制动踏板被突然压低时，节流阀用于阻碍或限制制动器流体从流体腔室流出，从而增大流体腔室中的压力。这导致液压增压器的主腔室中的压力升高，从而相比于制动踏板压低的开始几乎不迟地产生摩擦制动力。
id-KR20140145833A    abstract-본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 차량의 회생 에너지 제어 방법은 인버터를 제어하여 모터를 구동하고, 차량의 제동시 모터로부터 배터리로 회생되는 전력을 제어하는 차량의 회생 에너지 제어 방법에 있어서, 정전압지령 및 정전류지령이 입력되면, 배터리로 회생되는 DC링크전압을 입력받는 단계, 정전압지령, 정전류지령 및 DC링크전압에 기초하여 DC링크전류지령을 생성하는 단계, DC링크전류지령 및 DC링크전압으로부터 필요전력을 연산하는 단계, 필요전력을 모터의 출력전력과 비교하여 토크지령을 생성하는 단계 및 토크지령에 기초하여 인버터를 제어하는 단계를 포함한다.
id-EP2860054A1    abstract-The vehicle is of the type adapted to couple to, lift in part from one side and tow a trolley for transporting goods in a port, is provided with tyres and comprises: an internal combustion engine (301) provided with a rotating shaft, an electric generator (302) connected to said rotating shaft and adapted to generate at an output electric energy as a function of the rotation of said rotating shaft, an electric accumulator (303) having terminals connected to said output, at least one electric motor (304) connected to said terminals and provided with a rotating shaft connected to at least one of said tyres; the vehicle further comprising an electronic control unit (305) connected to said internal combustion engine (301), to said electric generator (302), to said electric accumulator (303), and to said at least one electric motor (304); the electronic control unit (305) is adapted to electronically control: the rotation of said internal combustion engine (301), the electric energy supplied by said electric generator (302) to said electric accumulator (303), the electric energy supplied by said electric accumulator (303) to said at least one electric motor (304).
id-EP3010140A1    abstract-A control device for an electric vehicle which is able to accurately control a traction motor of the electric vehicle without any delay in control timing during rapid acceleration or rapid deceleration of the motor, is provided. The control device for the electric vehicle includes an ECU (21) and an inverter device (22) including a motor control module (29). A rotation angle sensor (36) configured to detect a rotation angle of a motor (6) is provided, and the motor control module (29) is provided with a rotation angle correction section (38) configured to correct a rotation angle of a rotor of the motor (6) which is used for vector control, by using an angular speed of an electrical angle which is the rotation angle detected by the rotation angle sensor (36) and a differential value of the angular speed of the electrical angle.
id-WO2014196939A3    abstract-This invention is about a battery charging system (1) containing at least one electric engine (2) converting the electric power to mechanical energy, at least one alternator (3) converting the mechanical energy produced by electric engine (2) to electric energy, at least one battery (4) storing the electric energy produced by the alternator (3), at least one rectifier and charger circuit (5) rectifying the alternative current produced by the alternator (3) and charging the battery (4), at least one acceleration sensor (7) detecting the speed of the vehicle, at least one electronic control unit(8) adjusted to activate the alternator (3) when the electric vehicle reaches a certain speed or deactivate it when the speed is lower than this certain speed.
id-JP5811148B2    abstract-
id-US9849870B2    abstract-This hybrid vehicle ( 10 ) has an HV mode and an EV mode, creates a predetermined traveling plan in a manner so as to switch between HV mode and EV mode on the basis of map information, and performs mode switching control on the basis of the traveling plan. The hybrid vehicle ( 10 ) limits the execution of mode switching control that is on the basis of the traveling plan in the case of a predetermined state such that the power that can be output by a battery ( 28 ) that is the storage battery connected to a second MG ( 24 ) that is a rotary electric machine driven during execution of the EV mode is limited.
id-US11437686B2    abstract-An automotive battery module having dual voltage is disclosed, including a housing and a plurality of battery cells connected to form battery cell blocks disposed in the housing. A battery control unit is provided disposed in the housing and is configured to control operation of a battery system. The battery system includes at least one switching device operably connected to a first battery cell block in a first connection arrangement. The first battery cell block is configured to deliver a first voltage. The switching device is also operably connected to a second battery cell block in a second connection arrangement. The second battery cell block is configured to deliver a second voltage. A plurality of terminals are provided on the housing and electrically coupled to the battery control unit and plurality of battery cells, providing an external electrical connection to deliver the first voltage and the second voltage.
id-CN104340208B    abstract-提供了远程通讯业务输入以启用功能排放适从使用的方法和系统，其允许利用全球定位系统(GPS)在控制系统中可靠使用GPS和地图信息，以用于诸如改善在带有电动马达和内燃发动机的插电式混合动力车辆中的停止运转周期燃料经济性的用途。所述系统包括全球定位系统(GPS)、时钟和处理器，该处理器包含在其中执行的基于GPS方位及其精度信息(VDOP/HDOP/卫星数量)来控制内燃发动机的功能。
id-US9643499B2    abstract-An electric power system includes a plurality of combinations of one of electric loads, which transmit/receive electric power, and one of power converters which is connected to the one of the electric loads and performs power conversion operation according to a predetermined switching synchronization signal so that electric power is transmitted/received to/from the electric load, the combinations being connected to a predetermined intermediate point so as to be parallel to each other, and a power conversion control unit which controls operations of the power converters. The power conversion control unit variably sets switching phases of the power converters depending on operating conditions of the power converters.
id-US20150019058A1    abstract-The invention relates to a self-learning regenerative control system that adapts to the user's driving style. The system receives as input a signal that is indicative of the friction brake usage and adapts the degree of regenerative braking accordingly. When the friction brake usage is high, the system will make the regenerative braking more aggressive such that when the user lifts-off the foot from the accelerator pedal, the degree of regenerative braking will be higher, thus reducing the need to use friction brakes. The system continuously adapts the regenerative braking intensity based on driving style, road conditions, etc.
id-US9688161B2    abstract-A slip control device for an electric vehicle which accurately determines slippage occurrence with only a rotation angle sensor for motor rotation control and perform rapid control to eliminate the slippage, is provided. A threshold calculation module ( 21 ) calculates a normal angular acceleration of a motor depending on a manipulation amount of an accelerator to obtain a threshold, and an angular acceleration calculator ( 22 ) differentiates a detection value from a rotation angle sensor ( 3   a ) twice to calculate an angular acceleration. A slip determination ( 23 ) determines whether a drive wheel ( 7 ) has slipped, and a torque limitation ( 25 ) limits a torque when a slippage has occurred. The determination ( 23 ) determines the angular acceleration and a threshold. The determination ( 23 ) counts a number of consecutive times it is determined that the threshold is exceeded, and determines that a slippage has occurred, if the number of consecutive times has reached a set value. The limitation ( 25 ) limits a torque developed by a motor unit for a drive wheel laterally opposite to the drive wheel determined as having slipped.
id-US20230006308A1    abstract-A 12 volt automotive battery system includes a first battery coupled to an electrical system, in which the first battery include a first battery chemistry, and a second battery coupled in parallel with the first battery and selectively coupled to the electrical system via a first switch, in which the second battery includes a second battery chemistry that has a higher coulombic efficiency than the first battery chemistry. The first switch couples the second battery to the electrical system during regenerative braking to enable the second battery to capture a majority of the power generated during regenerative braking. The 12 volt automotive battery system further includes a variable voltage alternator that outputs a first voltage during regenerative braking to charge the second battery and a second voltage otherwise, in which the first voltage is higher than the second voltage.
id-EP3024677B1    abstract-
id-EP3028336B1    abstract-
id-CN104300595B    abstract-一种示例性电池充电监控方法，包括至少使用电池的容量和充电速率来计算用于电池的预期充电数据，以及将实际充电数据与预期充电数据相比较以识别实际充电数据与预期充电数据之间的差异等等。
id-EP3017538B1    abstract-
id-JP6255775B2    abstract-
id-DE112014003509B4    abstract-Fahrzeugbremssystem, mit:einer Rückgewinnungsbremsvorrichtung (14), die so konfiguriert ist, dass sie auf ein Fahrzeug eine Rückgewinnungsbremskraft (BPR) ausübt; undeiner hydraulischen Bremsvorrichtung (20), die so konfiguriert ist, dass sie einen Fluiddruck in einem einem Rad zugehörigen Radzylinder (22a, 22b, 22c, 22d) anpasst, um auf das Fahrzeug eine hydraulische Bremskraft (BPP) auszuüben; dadurch gekennzeichnet, dassdas Fahrzeugbremssystem so konfiguriert ist, dass es eine Umverteilungssteuerung dahingehend durchführt, dass die Rückgewinnungsbremskraft (BPR) allmählich verringert wird und die hydraulische Bremskraft (BPP) in Übereinstimmung mit der Verringerung der Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeit (VS) während der Bremsbetätigung durch Betätigen eines Bremsbetätigungsbauteils (21) allmählich erhöht wird,die hydraulische Bremsvorrichtung (20) einen Fluiddruckgenerator (50; 50A) beinhaltet, der so konfiguriert ist, dass er in einem Hauptzylinder (61; 61A) einen Fluidbasisdruck (Pmc) erzeugt, welcher der Bremsbetätigung entspricht, und einen Bremsaktuator (30) beinhaltet, der so konfiguriert ist, dass er einen Differenzdruck zwischen dem Hauptzylinder (61; 61A) und dem Radzylinder (22a, 22b, 22c, 22d) anpasst,der Bremsaktuator (30) ein Differenzdruck-Steuerventil (321, 322) beinhaltet, das an einem Kanal zwischen dem Hauptzylinder (61; 61A) und dem Radzylinder (22a, 22b, 22c, 22d) angeordnet ist, und eine Zuführpumpe (381, 382) beinhaltet, die so konfiguriert ist, dass sie Bremsfluid aus dem Hauptzylinder (61; 61A) entnimmt und das Bremsfluid in einen Kanal einleitet, der sich näher an dem Radzylinder (22a, 22b, 22c, 22d) befindet als das Differenzdruck-Steuerventil (321, 322),der Fluiddruckgenerator (50; 50A) eine Verstärkervorrichtung (71; 71A) beinhaltet, die so konfiguriert ist, dass sie darüber hinaus weitgehend die Betätigungskraft des Bremsbetätigungsbauteils (21) unterstützt, wenn der Fluiddruck in einer Verstärkerkammer (70; R2) höher ist, und der Fluiddruckgenerator (50; 50A) so konfiguriert ist, dass er den Fluidbasisdruck (Pmc) anpasst, indem er einen Hauptkolben (651, 652) in dem Hauptzylinder (61; 61A) in Übereinstimmung mit der Betätigungskraft mit Unterstützung durch die Verstärkervorrichtung (71; 71A) bewegt, und dem Radzylinder (22a, 22b, 22c, 22d) eine Menge der Bremsfluid zuführt, die dem Fluidbasisdruck (Pmc) entspricht,unter der Annahme, dass es sich bei dem Fluidbasisdruck (Pmc) zum Startzeitpunkt eines Haltezustands, in dem ein Betätigungsausmaß des Bremsbetätigungsbauteils (21) gehalten wird, um einen Bezugsfluidbasisdruck (Pmc_B) handelt,die Verstärkervorrichtung (71; 71A) eine Ventilvorrichtung (66, 124) beinhaltet, die so konfiguriert ist, dass sie das Einfließen von Fluid in die Verstärkerkammer (70; R2) regelt, wenn ein Ausmaß der Abnahme des Fluidbasisdrucks (Pmc) ausgehend vom Bezugsfluidbasisdruck (Pmc_B) weniger als ein festgelegtes Ausmaß der Abnahme beträgt, selbst wenn die Zuführpumpe (381, 382) betätigt wird, um das Bremsfluid in dem Hauptzylinder (61; 61A) im Haltezustand zu verringern, unddas Bremssystem ferner eine Steuervorrichtung (100) aufweist, die so konfiguriert ist, dass sie einen Abnahmegradienten (ΔDWN) der Rückgewinnungsbremskraft (BPR) in einem ersten Zeitraum (TM1), in dem das Ausmaß der Abnahme des Fluidbasisdrucks (Pmc) ausgehend vom Bezugsfluidbasisdruck (Pmc_B) weniger beträgt als das festgelegte Ausmaß der Abnahme, während der Umverteilungssteuerung im Haltezustand größer macht als einen Abnahmegradienten der Rückgewinnungsbremskraft (BPR) in einem zweiten Zeitraum (TM2), in dem das Ausmaß der Abnahme des Fluidbasisdrucks (Pmc) nicht weniger beträgt als das festgelegte Ausmaß der Abnahme.
id-EP3028891B1    abstract-
id-JP2015016810A    abstract-【課題】車両の制御システムにおいて、減速度制御を行う車両において、運転者の意図に近い減速を実現し、違和感を抑制することである。【解決手段】制御システム１２は、制動時に車輪１６からの動力により発電し、車輪１６に回生制動力を発生させる回転電機である第２ＭＧ２４と、ハイブリッド車両１０の目標停止位置を含む情報を取得し、目標停止位置までの回生発電を制御することによりハイブリッド車両１０の減速度を制御する減速度制御を実行する制御装置５０であって、特有の加減速特性を有する複数の走行モードのうち、運転者の操作により予め設定された所定走行モードが選択された場合に減速度制御を禁止する制御装置５０とを含む。【選択図】図１
id-CN104340078A    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于移动车辆的两层能量储存。该方法可以包括：接收关于车辆行程概况的信息。当行程概况指示充电机会时，可以将配置成推进车辆的牵引电机的电气模式从牵引电机接收电力的电动机模式改变为牵引电机产生电力的发电机模式。该方法还可以包括：把由处于发电机模式的牵引电机产生的能量引导到具有第一能量吸收速率性能的一个或多个能量储存装置的第一层。具有比第一能量吸收速率性能更慢的第二能量吸收速率性能的一个或多个能量储存装置的第二层随后可以利用第一层能量储存装置的能量充电。当牵引电机不再产生电力时，第二层能量储存装置的充电可以继续。
id-JP6434509B2    abstract-
id-DE102013012164A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Traktions-Batteriesystem für ein elektromotorisch antreibbares Fahrzeug mit einer Hochvolt-Batterie (1), einer Temperiervorrichtung (2) zum Temperieren der Hochvolt-Batterie (1), einer Temperaturmessvorrichtung (3) zum Erfassen einer Temperatur der Hochvolt-Batterie (1) oder einer Umgebungstemperatur der Hochvolt-Batterie (1), einer Batterie-Steuereinrichtung (4), sowie einer elektrischen Heizvorrichtung (5) zum direkten oder indirekten Erwärmen der Hochvolt-Batterie (1), wobei die Batterie-Steuereinrichtung (4) dazu eingerichtet ist, durch rekuperatives Bremsen generierten elektrischen Strom unterhalb einer vorgebbaren Schwellentemperatur der Hochvolt-Batterie (1) oder der Umgebung der Hochvolt-Batterie (1) zu der Heizvorrichtung (5) zu leiten. Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft auch ein Verfahren zum Erwärmen einer Hochvolt-Batterie eines Traktions-Batteriesystems.
id-KR20160029751A    abstract-모터를 제어하기 위한 방법 및 장치가 개시된다.  모터는 권선들을 포함한다.  복수의 스위치들을 포함하는 스위치 브리지는 권선들에 전원을 연결하도록 구성된다.  모터 제어기는 복수의 스위치들을 제어하도록 구성된다.  원치 않은 상태 식별기는 모터가 전원에 전력을 공급하고 있을 때 원치 않은 상태를 식별하도록 구성되며, 여기서 원치 않은 상태는 전원의 특성에 대해 정의된다.  원치 않은 상태 감소기는 원치 않은 상태 식별기에 의해 원치 않은 상태를 식별하는 것에 응답하여 원치 않은 상태를 감소시키도록 구성된다.
id-US20160225507A1    abstract-Electromagnetic Halbach array device with substantially contiguous vertical and horizontal cores. The device is equipped with horizontal cores having protrusions which establish substantial contiguity between horizontal and vertical cores.
id-WO2015007126A1    abstract-一种电动车用电源系统，包括：一动力电源，向驱动系统供电；动力电源上有第一充电接口，与第一地面充电装置连接；一储能电源，通过DC/DC变换器向动力电源充电，同时吸收驱动系统的制动回馈能量；储能电源上有与第二地面充电装置连接的第二充电接口；高压配电装置包括第一至第八接口，第一接口通过DC/DC电路和储能电源连接，第二接口通过DC/DC电路和低压辅助设备连接，第三接口和高压辅助设备连接，第四接口及第五接口均与动力电源连接，第六接口与动力系统连接，第七接口和动力系统的制动回馈电路连接，第八接口和储能电源连接。此电源系统可以有效增加动力电源的容量，同时可保护动力电源有效延长动力电源的寿命。
id-CN105431976B    abstract-一种12伏汽车蓄电池系统，包括：与电气系统耦接的第一蓄电池，其中，所述第一蓄电池包括第一蓄电池化学成分。所述第一蓄电池用相对恒定的第一电压充电，其中，交流发电机输出所述相对恒定的第一电压。所述12伏汽车蓄电池系统进一步包括第二蓄电池，所述第二蓄电池与第一蓄电池并联耦接并通过直流‑直流变换器选择性地与电气系统耦接，其中，所述第二蓄电池包括第二蓄电池化学成分，该第二蓄电池化学成分的库仑效率高于第一蓄电池化学成分的库伦效率。所述直流‑直流变换器在再生制动期间将第一电压升高到第二电压，以对第二蓄电池充电，其中，所述第二电压高于第一蓄电池的最大充电电压。
id-CN104283428A    abstract-本发明涉及一种城市轨道车辆制动能量回收变流装置，该变流装置连接于直流回路与超级电容之间，所述的变流装置包括依次设置的输入二极管组、输入电抗器、输入滤波储能电容、维修放电电阻和变流电源模块，变流装置的输入端连接直流回路的两条直流母线，所述的输入二极管组、输入电抗器依次串联于其中一条直流母线上，所述的输入滤波储能电容连接于两条直流母线之间，所述的维修放电电阻和变流电源模块并联设置，维修放电电阻和变流电源模块的输入端连接两条直流母线，变流电源模块的输出端连接超级电容。与现有技术相比，本发明具有输出稳定、精度高等优点。
id-JP2016165165A    abstract-【課題】回生制動に関わるモータの実トルクを検知しておらず、モータ等の誤差要因に応じて実トルクを補償していない。【解決手段】バッテリから供給される電力を制御するインバータ制御部と、インバータ制御部によって駆動輪を駆動或いは制動させるトルクを制御するモータと、制動時にモータからバッテリに回生する回生電力による制動トルクと、電子制御式摩擦ブレーキによる制動トルクの分担を制御する制動制御部９とを備えた電動車両の制動制御装置において、インバータ制御部は、更に、モータへ回生する回生電力からモータの実トルクを推定するトルク推定部５７，５８，５９，６０と、制動制御部９がモータに指示した制動トルク指令値と、トルク推定部５７，５８，５９，６０が推定した実トルク値との差から、モータが出力する制動トルクをフィードバックするフィードバック制御部とを備えたことを特徴とする電動車両の制動制御装置。【選択図】 図２
id-WO2015004408A1    abstract-A battery powered cycle and method for providing a charging current to a battery powered cycle., the cycle has a rider support and wheels that are rotatably mounted to the rider support. There is an electric motor with an output shaft coupled to one of the wheels and rechargeable batteries are mounted to the rider support. A controller is arranged to selectively supply electrical power from the rechargeable batteries to the motor. A first electrical machine has an output continuously electrically coupled to the bank of batteries, and the first electrical machine has an input drive shaft coupled to one of the wheels to thereby provide a charging current to the rechargeable batteries when the cycle is in forward motion.
id-EP2821271A1    abstract-Un appareil du type monté en liaison mobile avec un axe tournant du véhicule (1) est munis d'un réducteur des forces (3), des ressorts-moteur (5 et 11) logés dans des boîtiers (6 et 12) dotés des couronnes crantes (6bis et 12bis) et montés sur des moyeux (4 et 4bis); sur le même plan axiale, l'appareil est doté des engrenages intérieures (7 et 14) munis des ergots d'arrêt (7bis et 14bis), lesquels engrenages intérieures (7 et 14) collaborent avec des engrenages (8 et 13) afin d'entraîner en rotation un rotor (9), lequel en passant à proximité des premiers bobinages (10) induisent de l'électricité, régulé par un système de distribution électronique; le système de distribution électronique est doté d'un second bobinage (15), d'un noyau ferreux coulissant (16) et des billes (17) capables de se loger alternativement dans des cavités (18) des couronnes (6bis, 12bis), pendant que le bobinage (15) du distributeur électronique collabore en alternance avec des détecteurs de capacité des ressorts (19 et 19bis).
id-KR20150012527A    abstract-본 발명은 RE-EV용 차량의 능동형 회생제동 제어 장치에 관한 것으로서, 본 발명에 따른 RE-EV용 차량의 능동형 회생제동 제어 장치는 연비 향상을 위해 차량의 에너지를 최적으로 관리하고 차량의 주행을 제어하는 하는 것을 특징으로 한다. 즉, 본 발명은 고효율의 발전용 엔진의 탑재로 주행거리를 크게 확대시키고, 연비 향상을 위해 RE-EV용 엔진발전과 연동한 주행거리 연장형 통합 차량 제어 및 도로에 따른 능동 주행제어를 하는 것을 특징으로 한다. 본 발명에 따르면, 자동차 연비를 향상시킬 수 있고, 특히 능동주행제어 알고리즘을 적용함으로써 주행거리 연장이 가능하다. 즉, 고효율의 발전용 엔진을 탑재하고, 도로에 따른 능동 주행제어 알고리즘을 적용하여 주행거리를 크게 확대시킬 수 있다.
id-WO2015017459A3    abstract-A control system (140) generally comprises at least one sensor that is configured to detect at least one operational mode of a vehicle power generation system (100). A controller (122) is coupled to the sensor, wherein the controller (122) is configured to receive at least one signal representative of the detected operational mode of the vehicle power generation system (100). The controller (122) is also configured to determine whether the detected operational mode is a braking mode, a non-acceleration mode, or an acceleration mode. The controller (122) is configured to control channeling exhaust gas flow to a turbine assembly (110) when the detected operational mode is the braking mode or the non-acceleration mode such that a power output is generated from the exhaust gas flow.
id-DE102013214814B4    abstract-Verfahren zum Steuern der Energieversorgung mindestens einer Komponente (1) eines Fahrzeugs, wobei die mindestens eine Komponente (1) zumindest in manchen Betriebszuständen des Fahrzeugs zumindest teilweise mit elektrischer Energie versorgt wird, die rekuperativ mittels einer elektrischen Maschine erzeugt wird,wobei mittels eines Energiemanagementsystems (4) vorausschauend abgeschätzt wird, wann voraussichtlich elektrische Energie rekuperativ erzeugt wird und die Energieversorgung der mindestens einen Komponente (1) erst dann gestartet oder gesteigert wird, wenn tatsächlich elektrische Energie rekuperativ erzeugt wird,dadurch gekennzeichnet, dassder mindestens einen Komponente rekuperativ erzeugte elektrische Energie unter Umgehung eines elektrischen Energiespeichers zugeführt wird und die Energieversorgung der mindestens einen Komponente (1) unter Umgehung des elektrischen Energiespeichers erst dann gestartet oder gesteigert wird, wenn die elektrische Maschine tatsächlich elektrische Energie rekuperativ erzeugt, wobei auf Basis einer vorgegebenen Entscheidungslogik entschieden wird, ob mit einer Zufuhr von Energie oder mit einer gesteigerten Zufuhr von Energie zu der mindestens einen Komponente (1) noch so lange gewartet werden kann, bis erneut rekuperativ Energie erzeugt werden kann.
id-US9827873B2    abstract-Provided is an electric vehicle control system capable of securing good response and slip stopping property with respect to changes in a road surface condition. The system includes a vehicle controller configured to calculate a driver's demand torque command value according to a driver's accelerating or braking operation, a first communication device capable of communicating between a hydraulic controller and a motor controller, and a second communication device capable of communicating between the vehicle controller and the motor controller. The system includes a control system in which the hydraulic controller transmits a motor torque command value to the motor controller through the first communication device; the vehicle controller transmits the driver's demand torque command value to the motor controller through the second communication device; and the motor controller selects either one of the received motor torque command value and the received driver's demand torque command value as the command value.
id-EP3030440B1    abstract-
id-US20200290613A1    abstract-System and method configured to determine a direction of movement of a vehicle in response to a brake being released or in response to initiating movement of the vehicle from a stopped position along a route. The direction of movement is determined based on a selected travel direction of the vehicle, a grade of the route, and at least one of applied tractive efforts or applied braking efforts.
id-DE102014216899B4    abstract-Fahrzeug (2), das Folgendes umfasst:eine Traktionsbatterie (14);eine elektrische Impedanz (72);eine Vorladeschaltung (44), die einen Widerstand enthält und so angeordnet ist, dass der Widerstand selektiv zwischen der Traktionsbatterie (14) und der elektrischen Impedanz (72) verbunden wird; undwenigstens einen Controller (54), der dazu programmiert ist, dass er, um eine Temperaturerhöhung des Widerstands zu begrenzen, das Verbinden des Widerstands bei Vorhandensein einer Anforderung zum Verbinden des Widerstands während einer anschließenden vorbestimmten Zeitspanne als Reaktion darauf verhindert, dass eine vorbestimmte Anzahl erreicht wird, wie oft der Widerstand innerhalb einer vorhergehenden vorbestimmten Zeitspanne verbunden wird dadurch gekennzeichnet, dasssich die vorbestimmte Anzahl verringert, weil sich die von der Batterie (14) während der vorhergehenden vorbestimmten Zeitspanne entladene Ladungsmenge erhöht.
id-US9889758B2    abstract-A charging system includes a vehicle, a charging/discharging connector, a detector, and an informing portion. The vehicle is equipped with an electric power storage device, and also includes an inlet for charging the electric power storage device. The charging/discharging connector is a connector that is attached to and detached from the inlet and that is connected to the inlet in a fully fitted state, in which charging can be performed, and a half-fitted state, in which charging is not allowed. The detector includes an electronic control unit for detecting whether a connecting state of the charging/discharging connector is the fully fitted state or the half-fitted state. The informing portion includes an indicator for informing a user of abnormal connection of the charging/discharging connector on the basis of a detection result of the electronic control unit when connection of the charging/discharging connector is the half-fitted state.
id-WO2015026913A1    abstract-A control system for a vehicle comprises a control unit configured to be electrically coupled to a drive system of the vehicle. The drive system includes at least one traction motor for providing motive power to the vehicle. The control unit is configured to control a torque output of the traction motor to hold zero speed or near zero speed of the vehicle on a grade without knowing information, in at least one mode of operation, about the grade and/or a load of the vehicle, and without a service brake of the vehicle being activated.
id-US9479157B2    abstract-A drive device according to one aspect of the disclosure includes a control terminal connector, a switch circuit, a current limit circuit, and a clamp switch on a circuit board. The clamp switch is located in a second quadrant or a fourth quadrant of four quadrants, where the four quadrants are partitioned by two mutually orthogonal virtual lines with the current limit circuit set as an origin and the four quadrants consist of a first quadrant including an area where the control terminal connector is located, the second quadrant, a third quadrant, and the fourth quadrant, in clockwise order.
id-US9557746B2    abstract-A system and method for vehicle energy management are described that take driving context into account to derive suggested vehicle control inputs to reduce energy consumption. Driving context may be based on information including, for example, traffic congestion and/or flow information for a traveled route, road topology information, traffic controls, weather conditions, vehicle characteristics, and other types of driving context information. The driving context may be used to derive suggested control inputs to reduce energy consumption. The suggested control inputs can, for example, be expressed as: a suggested road speed, suggested gear selection, rate of acceleration or rate of deceleration.
id-WO2015024508A1    abstract-一种电动车开关磁阻电机功率变换器拓扑结构，在开关磁阻电机不对称半桥功率变换器的前端增加了双向Buck-Boost变换器。当开关磁阻电机工作在电动状态时，蓄电池通过正向Boost变换器实现升压，对开关磁阻电机不对称半桥功率变换器供电；当开关磁阻电机工作在制动状态时，开关磁阻电机不对称半桥功率变换器通过反向Buck变换器对蓄电池充电，将电动车动能转换为蓄电池的电能；当电动车工作在充电状态时，开关磁阻电机不旋转，交流电源通过开关磁阻电机的绕组、不对称半桥功率变换器构成车载充电器直接给蓄电池充电，不需要外接元件。该拓扑结构实现了功率因数的校正，有效提高了系统的可靠性与灵活性，具有较强的实用性与通用性。
id-KR101973246B1    abstract-보다 심플한 구성으로 제어의 다중화를 실현할 수 있는, 철도 차량용 브레이크 시스템, 철도 차량용 브레이크 제어 장치, 및, 철도 차량용 브레이크 제어 방법을 제공한다.  철도 차량용 브레이크 시스템(1)은, 편성(104)을 구성하는 복수의 차량(101, 102, 103)에 개별로 설치되는 복수의 브레이크 제어 장치(11, 12, 13)를 구비한다.  각 브레이크 제어 장치(10(11, 12, 13))는, 자차량(101, 102, 103)의 정보를 전송 장치(20)를 통해서 다른 브레이크 제어 장치(10)에 출력 가능하고, 또한 다른 브레이크 제어 장치(10)로부터 전송 장치(20)에 출력된 정보를 사용하여, 복수의 차량(101, 102, 103) 전체의 제동에 필요한 필요 전체 브레이크력 값(BRA)을 산출 가능하다.
id-CN104417537B    abstract-控制电动车驱动、制动的系统、电动车及其控制方法，其中系统包括踏板，采集踏板深度信号的第一采集单元，采集电机转速的第二采集单元，以及控制单元，控制单元根据踏板深度信号判断是否输出控制信号控制车辆驱动，制动，或者不输出控制信号；并根据踏板深度信号以及电机转速确定给车辆的驱动功率值，以及根据踏板深度信号计算车辆的制动力。这样避免了加油踏板和刹车踏板分开设置，驾驶员稍不注意发生误踩则带来严重交通事故的弊端，本发明系统仅通过设置一个单踏板便可实现车辆的驱动和制动控制，从而使得驾驶员操作简单；且在制动过程，控制单元输出控制信号给电机从而控制电机输出反向扭矩，使得能量回收给电池，从而实现了能量最大限度回收。
id-US20160101700A1    abstract-A control system for a vehicle includes an electric drive system associated with a first set of wheels. The electric drive system is configured to selectively provide electric motive power to the first set of wheels to propel the vehicle and electric retarding to slow the vehicle. The system further includes a friction brake system associated with one of the first set of wheels or a second set of wheels, a drive system control unit, and a friction brake control unit in electrical communication with the drive system control unit. The drive system control unit is configured to communicate with the friction brake control unit to control an amount of friction brake application during vehicle stops and starts on grade.
id-JP2015047048A    abstract-【課題】車電動機の回生レベルセレクタを備えた車両において、運転者にアクセルオフ時の減速度の感触を伝えることができる車両を提供する。【解決手段】距離センサ２０は、車両の前方の物体までの距離を検出する。ＥＣＵ３２０は、検出した距離が所定値以下となった場合に、プリクラッシュ制御を実行する。回生レベルセレクタ２３０は、運転者の操作によって電動機の回生レベルを選択する。モータ１４０Ａは、選択された回生レベルが大きい場合は、小さい場合よりも、アクセルオフ時の回生制動力を大きくする。ＥＣＵ３２０は、選択された回生レベルが小さい場合は、大きい場合よりも、所定値を大きくする。【選択図】図１
id-CN104417393B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于控制环保车辆的电动机系统的设备及其方法，所述设备包括：倾斜角传感器，其用以测量车辆的行驶倾斜角；坡道驻车确定器，其用以基于来自所述倾斜角传感器的倾斜角信息计算所述车辆的实时行驶梯度以便确定坡道驻车情形；以及可变切换确定控制器，其用以基于由所述坡道驻车确定器计算出的实时梯度计算电动机的命令扭矩，并基于命令扭矩、电动机速度及来自倾斜角传感器的先前的和当前的倾斜角信息确定逆变器的可变切换条件。
id-US20150045178A1    abstract-An apparatus includes a vehicle configured to support the user. The apparatus also includes an operation-switch assembly configured to be supported by the vehicle. The operation-switch assembly is also configured to switch propulsion operation of the vehicle between a first propulsion-operation mode and a second propulsion-operation mode. In the first propulsion-operation mode, the operation-switch assembly is also configured to permit propulsion of the vehicle to be influenced by a power-train assembly being configured to generate a power-train force. In the second propulsion-operation mode, the operation-switch assembly is also being configured to: (A) permit propulsion of the vehicle to be influenced by a non power-train force, and (B) permit propulsion of the vehicle to be not influenced by the power-train force of the power-train assembly.
id-WO2015019165A1    abstract-Provided is a control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle, a clutch (K0) being provided in a power transmission path leading from an engine (1) to drive wheels (12), the clutch (K0) transmitting torque between the engine (1) and the drive wheels (12) when engaged, the clutch (K0) interrupting the transmission of torque between the engine (1) and the drive wheels (12), the control apparatus including an ECU (21) configured to execute drive control for consuming electric power of a storage device (25) by driving a first motor (MG1), when the clutch (K0) is kept in a released state and the clutch (K0) cannot be engaged and an amount of electrical charge of the storage device (25) is higher than a prescribed first threshold value.
id-US20150106003A1    abstract-The subject invention is directed to a method and system for generating an improved fuel mileage value for a powered vehicle. Said method and system take into account real-time operational parameters of a vehicle, such as the rate of fuel consumption, vehicle velocity, vehicle acceleration and deceleration, the kinetic and potential energy of the vehicle, and the energy recovered by regenerative braking. In one set of applications, the improved fuel mileage value generated by said method and system provides timely and positive feedback and psychological reinforcement to vehicle operators to encourage fuel-efficient vehicle operations. Such feedback and psychological reinforcement are especially valuable when a regenerative vehicle braking system is being used. Said value can also provide feedback of the operational efficiency to an automated or semi-automated throttle and/or braking system.
id-DE102014217022A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug enthält einen Verbrennungsmotor und ein Getriebe mit nicht wählbarem Gang, das eine mit dem Verbrennungsmotor mechanisch gekoppelte elektrische Maschine aufweist. Das Fahrzeug kann eine oder mehrere Steuerungen aufweisen, die dazu programmiert sind, als Reaktion auf eine Anforderung eines passiven Leerlaufmodus den Verbrennungsmotor herunterzufahren und ein Hochfahren des Verbrennungsmotors zu verhindern, während die elektrische Maschine deaktiviert wird, so dass das Fahrzeug mit minimaler Rotationsträgheit und minimalen elektrischen Verlusten ausrollt. Die eine oder mehreren Steuerungen können ferner dazu programmiert sein, als Reaktion auf eine nachfolgende Anforderung eines Fahrmodus während des passiven Leerlaufmodus ein Hochfahren des Verbrennungsmotors zu gestatten, während die elektrische Maschine aktiviert wird, so dass das Fahrzeug das Fahren wieder aufnimmt.
id-EP3032689A4    abstract-
id-EP3038849B1    abstract-
id-TW201529387A    abstract-於行走在同一方向的車輛彼此在行走中執行進行分割的分割控制期間先行列車進行了制動控制的場合，後續列車的制動裝置有異常的話，後續車輛無法充分減速，有追撞到先行車的可能性。在發生了追撞的場合，先行車輛與後續車輛的相對速度為一定值以下的話，因追撞所致之衝撃力係與通常混編時所發生的衝撃為相同程度，不會影響到乘客的安全或車輛故障。為此，即便因為上述的要因後續車輛的減速有延遲的情況下，追撞時的相對速度不為一定值以上之速度控制是有必要。本發明，係在對先行車輛與後續車輛於行走中使其分割之鐵道車輛的制動控制方法中，其特徵為在分割先行車輛與後續車輛之際，根據有關先行車輛或者是後續車輛的制動發生力的資訊，判斷各車輛的制動裝置有無異常，在判斷沒有異常的場合，把先行車輛與後續車輛的距離拉開到指定距離以上。
id-WO2015024422A1    abstract-一种车用太阳能动力系统及其控制方法，属于太阳能领域，该系统包括太阳能电池板（1）、蓄电池（2）、超级电容（3）、以及控制电路（4），控制电路（4）用于控制太阳能电池板（1）为超级电容（3）充电，当车辆加速时，控制蓄电池（2）和超级电容（3）同时向电机（5）放电，且蓄电池（2）的放电电流等于蓄电池（2）的额定电流，当车辆正常行驶时，控制蓄电池（2）向电机（5）放电，通过采用超级电容（3）代替蓄电池（2）储存太阳能电池板（1）转化的电能，避免由于蓄电池（2）的循环充放电次数有限，频繁充放电导致缩短蓄电池（2）寿命的问题，当车辆加速时，避免了蓄电池（2）放电电流过大而对蓄电池（2）造成损伤，延长了蓄电池（2）寿命。
id-KR102030714B1    abstract-제1 회생 제동 수단 및 상기 제1 회생 제동 수단과는 별개인 제2 제동 수단이 구비된 차량의 회생 제동을 제어하는 방법으로서, 상기 차량은 적어도 하나의 제1바퀴 및 적어도 하나의 제2바퀴를 포함하며, 상기 제2 제동 수단은 상기 적어도 하나의 제1바퀴 및 상기 적어도 하나의 제2바퀴에 적용되고, 상기 제1 회생 제동 수단은 단지 상기 적어도 하나의 제1바퀴에만 적용되는, 차량의 회생 제동 제어 방법이 제공되고, 상기 차량의 회생 제동 제어 방법은, 상기 제1바퀴의 속도 값에 기초하여 그리고 상기 제2바퀴의 속도 값에 기초하여 상기 회생 제동에 연계된 미끄럼을 나타내는 매개변수의 값을 추정하는 단계(31); 및 상기 회생 제동에 연계된 미끄럼을 나타내는 매개변수의 추정된 값에 기초하여 회생 제동 설정 점의 값을 생성하는 단계(32, 33);를 포함한다.
id-DE112013007201T5    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung stellt ein Elektrofahrzeug-Steuerungssystem bereit, das den Leistungsverbrauch jedes Elektrofahrzeugs in einem aus einer Mehrzahl von Elektrofahrzeugen bestehenden Zug steuert, der Folgendes umfasst: eine Mehrzahl von Leistungsumwandlungsvorrichtungen (VVVF) 4, von denen jede von einer Oberleitung bereitgestellte Leistung umwandelt, um Antriebsleistung für einen AC-Motor zu erzeugen, wenn der Zug fährt, und die durch den AC-Motor erzeugte Regenerativleistung umwandeln, die zur Oberleitung zurückgespeist wird, und bestimmen, ob der Zug in einem Schwachlast-Regenerativzustand ist, wenn der Zug eine Regenerativbremse einsetzt; und eine Mehrzahl von leistungsverbrauchenden Vorrichtungen (CP5), die einen Betriebsmodus ändern, wenn mindestens eine der Leistungsumwandlungsvorrichtungen 4 im Schwachlast-Regenerativzustand ist.
id-WO2015019430A1    abstract-走行中に列車同士を併結する場合に、先行車両が後続車両よりも先にブレーキ動作を行うと、車両同士が衝突する可能性があった。 先行列車と後続列車を走行中に連結させる鉄道車両のブレーキ制御方法において、先行列車と後続列車とを連結する際に、先行列車は、ブレーキ指令入力時に、後続列車へブレーキ指令を送信し、かつ、後続列車への前記ブレーキ指令伝送遅れ時間をより長い時間が経過した場合に、ブレーキ動作を実施し、後続列車は、先行列車からブレーキ指令を受信するとブレーキ動作を実施することを特徴とする鉄道車両システム。
id-CN104426431A    abstract-本发明提供抑制流向感应电动机的过电流、能有效地防止过电流所引起的感应电动机的过热的感应电动机式电车及其控制方法。生成电力变换器的输出电流的目标值即感应电动机电流指令值，控制电力变换器，以使得电力变换器的输出电流追随该感应电动机电流指令值，另一方面，基于各感应电动机的旋转频率来限制感应电动机电流指令值的大小，以使得抑制各感应电动机所分别驱动的各车轮的车轮径差所引起的流向感应电动机的过电流。
id-WO2015018993A2    abstract-Un dispositif de contrôle de freinage régénératif (10) d'un véhicule équipé d'un premier moyen de freinage, régénératif, et d'un deuxième moyen de freinage, et conçu pour générerune consigne de freinage régénératif (C el ) en fonction d'un signal de requête de freinage issu d'une pédale conducteurdu véhicule, ledispositifcomprenant: des moyens de réception pour recevoir un signal de drapeau (flag_reg) issu d'un système de sécurité actif du véhicule,et des moyens de traitement agencés de façon à incrémenter une valeur de compteur (Count) lorsque le signal de drapeau reçu change de valeur pour prendre une valeur correspondant à une activation d'une régulation par le système de sécurité actif, et élaborer si le compteur atteintunseuil un signal de commande (S) afin de mettre fin à la génération de la consigne de freinage régénératif.
id-DE102013013640A1    abstract-Ein Schwungradspeichersystem für ein Schienenfahrzeug beinhaltet einen Bremswiderstand (2) zur Umwandlung von in dem Schienenfahrzeug (1) vorhandener und/oder erzeugter Energie in Wärme, und einen Schwungradspeicher (3) zur Speicherung von Energie in dem Schienenfahrzeug (1), wobei der Bremswiderstand (2) und der Schwungradspeicher (3) während des Betriebs des Schienenfahrzeugs (1) funktionell zusammenwirkend derart kombiniert sind, dass der Bremswiderstand (2) im Betrieb des Schienenfahrzeugs (1) auftretende, kurzzeitige Leistungsspitzen glättet, und/oder auf bestimmten Fahrabschnitten einer von dem Schienenfahrzeug (1) befahrenen Strecke eine anfänglich hohe Bremsleistung dann zumindest teilweise in Wärme umwandelt, wenn eine maximale Leistung eines Motors des Schwungradspeichers (3) überschritten ist, und/oder der Bremswiderstand (2) für ein generatorisches Bremsen des Motors des Schwungradspeichers (3) angeordnet ist.
id-JP2015033935A    abstract-【課題】内燃機関の始動時及びアイドリングストップの再始動時における内燃機関の始動時間を短縮でき、ハイブリッドシステムを搭載したハイブリッド車両を迅速に走行状態に移行することができる、ハイブリッドシステム、ハイブリッド車両、及びハイブリッドシステムの動力伝達方法を提供する。【解決手段】内燃機関１０のクランク軸１５に直結して無段変速機構１６を介してクランク軸１５と電動発電機２１との間の動力伝達を行うと共に、内燃機関１０の停止操作時に、無段変速機構１６の内燃機関１０の回転数に対する電動発電機２１の回転数の比である回転数比を小さくしてクランク軸１５に加わる負荷を大きくして、クランク軸１５が停止したときのクランク角を予め設定した停止範囲内にする。【選択図】図１
id-WO2015018669A2    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Abbremsen eines sich entlang einer Fahrbahn bewegenden Fahrzeugs (10) mittels einer Bremseinrichtung (28), welche wenigstens eine Reibbremse (30) und wenigstens eine rekuperative Bremse (18) zum Abbremsen wenigstens eines Rads (14) des Fahrzeugs (10) umfasst, wobei mittels der Bremseinrichtung (28) eine Anti-Blockier-Bremsung durchgeführt wird, bei welcher mittels einer Regelungseinrichtung (40) des Fahrzeugs (10) wenigstens ein von der Bremseinrichtung (28) auf das Rad aufzubringendes Bremsmoment (64) zumindest zeitweise auf einen vorgebbaren Wert begrenzt wird, um dadurch ein Blockieren des Rads (14) relativ zur Fahrbahn zumindest zeitweise zu verhindern, wobei das Bremsmoment (64) zum Abbremsen des Rads (14) zumindest während eines Teils der Anti-Blockier-Bremsung wenigstens teilweise von der rekuperativen Bremse (18) auf das Rad (14) aufgebracht wird, sowie ein Fahrzeug (10), welches zum Ausführen eines solchen Verfahrens ausgebildet ist.
id-WO2015020097A1    abstract-エンジン（１０）と電動発電機（２１）とを有するハイブリッドシステム（１）において、エンジン本体（１１）のクランク軸（１５）と電動発電機（２１）とをＣＶＴ（１６）を介して接続して、エンジン（１０）の始動要求が発生したときには、電動発電機（２１）を回転駆動させるとともに、ＣＶＴ（１６）の第１プーリー（１６ａ）の径を最大にし、かつ第２プーリー（１６ｂ）の径を最小にした後に、電動発電機（２１）を回転駆動してエンジン本体（１１）をクランキングする。
id-CN105377653A    abstract-在具有发动机(10)和电动发电机(21A)的混合动力系统(1)中，对发动机主体(11)的曲轴(15)直接连结地设置CVT(16)，并连结电动发电机(21A)，并且，经由电动机用离合器(27)对电动发电机(21A)串联连结另外的电动发电机(21B)，在温度计(42)的测定值超过阈值的情况下，将电动机用离合器(27)设为断离状态，在为阈值以下的情况下将电动机用离合器(27)设为接合状态之后，至少使用电动发电机(21A)来对发动机主体(11)进行曲轴起动。
id-DE102013013641A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Energiespeichermodul (3) für elektrisch angetriebene Schiebenfahrzeuge (1), mit einer Ummantelung (37), zumindest einer mechanischen Schnittstelle (31) an der Ummantelung (37) zum Festlegen des Energiespeichermoduls (3) an einem vorbestimmten Abschnitt des Schienenfahrzeugs (1), einer Energiespeichervorrichtung (35), die innerhalb der Ummantelung (37) aufgenommen ist, zur Speicherung von während Verlangsamungsvorgängen des Schienenfahrzeugs (1) von einer Generatoreinrichtung in dem Schienenfahrzeug (1) erzeugter regenerativer elektrischer Energie, und zumindest einer elektrischen Schnittstelle (32) zur betriebsfähigen elektrischen Verbindung des Energiespeichermoduls (35) mit dem Schienenfahrzeug (1), wobei die zumindest eine mechanische Schnittstelle (31) und die zumindest eine elektrische Schnittstelle (32) des Energiespeichermoduls zumindest einer mechanischen Schnittstelle und zumindest einer elektrischen Schnittstelle eines Bremswiderstands (4) derart entsprechen, dass das Energiespeichermodul (3) direkt ersatzweise für den Bremswiderstand (4) in das Schienenfahrzeug verbaubar ist.
id-US20200052531A1    abstract-A rotatable LIDAR device including contactless electrical couplings is disclosed. An example rotatable LIDAR device includes a vehicle electrical coupling including (i) a first conductive ring, (ii) a second conductive ring, and (iii) a first coil. The example rotatable LIDAR device further includes a LIDAR electrical coupling including (i) a third conductive ring, (ii) a fourth conductive ring, and (iii) a second coil. The example rotatable LIDAR device still further includes a rotatable LIDAR electrically coupled to the LIDAR electrical coupling. The first conductive ring and the third conductive ring form a first capacitor configured to transmit communications to the rotatable LIDAR, the second conductive ring and the fourth conductive ring form a second capacitor configured to transmit communications from the rotatable LIDAR, and the first coil and the second coil form a transformer configured to provide power to the rotatable LIDAR.
id-CN105492244B    abstract-提供一种能够恰当地进行振动抑制的电动车辆的控制装置以及电动车辆的控制方法。在本发明的电动车辆的控制装置中，在基于转矩指令值和制振控制转矩指令值控制产生对驱动轮进行制动驱动的转矩的马达时，基于行驶中的驱动轮的状态限制制振控制转矩指令值，其中，转矩指令值基于驾驶员的加速操作或者制动操作，制振控制转矩指令值抑制车辆共振的振动成分。
id-US10144293B2    abstract-Provided is a driving force control device capable of stabilizing a vehicle behavior when a driving torque of a drive wheel is controlled. When slip suppression control is carried out to decrease a driving torque of a drive source that is connected to the drive wheel of a vehicle via a speed reduction mechanism and a drive shaft, and is configured to generate a torque for braking or driving the drive wheel, to thereby suppress a slip state of the drive wheel, the driving torque of the drive source is controlled so that a slip ratio of the drive wheel is in an area of the slip ratio smaller than a slip ratio corresponding to a peak value of a road surface friction coefficient in a characteristic of the road surface friction coefficient with respect to the slip ratio.
id-CN104417557B    abstract-一种车辆的滑行回馈控制方法，电机控制器将动力电池的最大回馈扭矩值、电机控制器的最大回馈扭矩值和电机的最大回馈扭矩值进行比较，将其中的最小值设定为第一回馈扭矩值；所电机控制器存储有预设的滑行回馈扭矩曲线图，电机控制器根据当前的车速信号、当前的坡度信号以及当前车辆的运行模式，与滑行回馈扭矩曲线图对比，计算出第二回馈扭矩值；比较单元将第一回馈扭矩值和第二回馈扭矩值进行比较，将其中的最小值设定为电机的最终回馈扭矩值；电机按照最终回馈扭矩值进行滑行回馈。由此得出的电机的最终回馈扭矩值更加准确，提高了车辆滑行回馈效率，并且兼顾了车辆的平顺性。
id-US10363821B2    abstract-A method for controlling regenerative braking of a vehicle is provided, in which a driving area of a motor is decided when shifting gears during regenerative braking, and an amount of regenerative braking is determined based on the decided result. The method includes a first process of deciding whether motor torque is in a constant power mode, a second process of deciding whether the motor torque is in a constant torque mode, and a third process of deciding whether the mode of the motor torque is converted into the constant torque mode from the constant power mode.
id-US10137784B2    abstract-Provided is a control device for an electric vehicle capable of stabilizing vehicle behavior when performing slip control of drive wheels. The control device for an electric vehicle according to the present invention is a control device for an electric vehicle to be used in an electric vehicle, the electric vehicle including: a motor which is connected to the drive wheels of the electric vehicle via a differential gear and a drive shaft, and which is configured to generate a braking or driving torque for each of the drive wheels; and a mechanical braking device capable of independently generating a braking force for each of the drive wheels. In this control device for an electric vehicle, when a slip ratio of each of the drive wheels is detected as being a predetermined slip ratio or more, a torque absolute value of the motor is reduced so that the slip ratio of each of the drive wheels is a target motor slip ratio, and a larger braking force is applied by the mechanical braking device to, of a right drive wheel and a left drive wheel, the drive wheel having a higher wheel speed than the drive wheel having a lower wheel speed.
id-US10144412B2    abstract-An initial variation learning control is executed when a learning condition is satisfied each time the learning condition is satisfied, with the aim of absorbing initial variations of manufacturing errors or variations of components of a second clutch (CL2). When the number of times of learning control is counted and this becomes a predetermined number (e.g. five times), after that, a deterioration variation learning control, which is equivalent to the initial variation learning control, is executed only once a trip from ON of a key switch to OFF of the key switch. With this, a frequency of execution of the learning control can be reduced, and the number of times of the learning can be reduced. It is therefore possible to suppress energy consumption and improve energy efficiency in stand-by pressure learning control of the second clutch that serves as a starter clutch.
id-US9744872B2    abstract-The application describes a self-propelling work machine, in the form of a truck, having an electric drive comprising at least one electric motor, a generator drivable by an internal combustion engine for the power supply of the electric drive, and a braking apparatus for braking the work machine, wherein the braking apparatus provides a regenerative braking by the electric drive and a feedback apparatus for feeding back electrical motor braking power of the electric motor to the generator to apply the motor braking power on the internal combustion engine. The application further describes a method for braking the work machine. A braking control apparatus is provided for an automatic connection of a mechanical brake in dependence on the motor braking power fed back to the internal combustion engine and/or in dependence on the operating state of the internal combustion engine acted on by the fed back motor braking power.
id-US20150066326A1    abstract-A brake system includes an upstream brake fluid pressure generating device automatically generating a fluid pressure in a master cylinder to control a wheel cylinder fluid pressure in a wheel cylinder provided for a wheel, a downstream brake fluid pressure generating device driving a pump and a control valve to variably control the wheel cylinder fluid pressure with a brake fluid sucked in from the master cylinder by the pump, a brake operating part provided separately from a brake pedal so as to be operated by a driver to apply braking force to the wheel, and a wheel cylinder fluid pressure cooperative control unit controlling the wheel cylinder fluid pressure by activating at least one of the upstream brake fluid pressure generating device and the downstream brake fluid pressure generating device in response to an operation of the brake operating part.
id-US10046646B2    abstract-A power conversion system including a DC main power supply for supplying a DC voltage, boosting circuits for performing a retrogression operation of boosting the DC voltage and comprising driving circuits, an inverter circuit for converting the DC voltage into an AC voltage, a motor/generator for receiving the AC voltage, and a control circuit for outputting a control signal to the driving circuits and stopping an operation of a faulty boosting circuit of the boosting circuits when one of the boosting circuits is faulty, for setting power control values depending on a number of remaining non-faulty boosting circuits of the boosting circuits, and for controlling the remaining non-faulty boosting circuits and the inverter circuit based on the power control values, wherein the inverter circuit and the boosting circuits perform a regeneration operation of supplying regeneration power to the DC main power supply, peripheral equipment, and/or a DC auxiliary power supply.
id-CN104417535A    abstract-本发明涉及混合动力车辆和用于控制混合动力车辆的方法。ECU(170)将在加速器的关断状态期间由第二电动发电机(120)产生的再生制动力设定为，与所选择的再生级别为低的情况相比，在再生级别为高的情况下更大，从而增加第二电动发电机(120)的发电量。ECU(170)将在引擎(100)的操作期间从第一电动发电机(110)到电池(150)的充电量设定为，与再生级别选择器(190)不选择再生级别的情况相比，在所述再生级别选择器(190)选择低于默认级别的再生级别的情况下更大。
id-CN105593055B    abstract-蓄电系统包括蓄电装置和控制器。该控制器基于蓄电元件的电压值来控制放电处理。控制器在电压值得以统一后根据电压波动来确定异常状态。控制器在满足以下条件i)和ii)时进行第一处理，在满足以下条件i) 和iii)时进行第二处理。条件i)在是，蓄电元件被划分为多个组，每一组由包括在蓄电装置中的每一蓄电堆叠构成。条件包括在同一蓄电堆叠中且连接至同一电压检测电路的多个蓄电元件构成。条件ii)是，蓄电元件的电压值在每一组中是不同的。条件iii)是，在其中每一组的电压值得以统一的多个组中，电压值在多个组之间是不同的。
id-US10112600B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided related to a self-propelling work machine in the form of a tracked vehicle having an electric drive, with a generator drivable by an internal combustion engine, an auxiliary unit connected to the engine, and a braking apparatus for braking the work machine. The braking apparatus provides regenerative braking by the electric drive and comprises a feedback apparatus for feeding back electrical motor braking power of the electric motor to the generator to apply the motor braking power on the engine and on the auxiliary unit. A controller automatically increases or decreases the electrical load of the auxiliary unit based on the electrical motor braking power fed back to the engine and/or based on an engine speed.
id-JP2015056971A    abstract-【課題】バッテリ監視装置の異常時に、車両の走行を維持させつつ、全てのセルの閉回路電圧が所定の上下限電圧以内となるような充放電制御が可能な回転電機駆動システムの提供。 【解決手段】回転電機駆動システムでは、複数のセル５７０の開回路電圧の平均値に対する複数の各セルの開回路電圧の相関値がバッテリ監視装置５１０から出力され、異常判定部８１０により異常が検出された場合には、バッテリ状態推定部８００は、異常状態の検出以前にバッテリ監視装置５１０から入力された相関値と、電流センサ２４０および電圧センサ２３０の出力とに基づいて、各セル５７０の開回路電圧および内部抵抗を推定し、モータ制御装置１００は、バッテリ状態推定部８００で推定された各セル５７０の開回路電圧および内部抵抗に基づいてモータ３００のトルクを制御する。 【選択図】図２
id-JP5895916B2    abstract-
id-DE102014218509A1    abstract-Ein System und Verfahren zum Ausgleich von Antriebseinflüssen eines Antriebsstrangs eines Fahrzeugs, wobei das Fahrzeug einen Traktionsmotor und eine Servolenkung mit einem Servomotor, der zur Bereitstellung von Drehmoment für eine Fahrzeuglenkungszahnstange konfiguriert ist, aufweist, umfassen Ansteuern des Servomotors zum Anlegen eines Ausgleichsmoments an die Fahrzeuglenkungszahnstange. Das Ausgleichsmoment wird als Reaktion auf einen durch ein Nutzbremsmoment verursachten prädiktiven Antriebseinfluss angelegt.
id-EP3045363B1    abstract-
id-CN104512410A    abstract-本发明提出一种四区混合动力汽车的控制方法，包括以下步骤：A：在四驱混合动力汽车行驶过程中，检测制动踏板是否被踩下；B：如果制动踏板被踩下，则进一步判断是否满足第一电机制动条件；C：如果满足第一电机制动条件，则进一步判断车辆的后轴驱动电机可提供的最大电机制动力矩是否大于或等于制动需求力矩；D：如果是，则由后轴驱动电机提供与制动需求力矩相同的电机制动力矩以对车辆进行制动，并进行电机制动能量回收。本发明的控制方法可实现完全由电机进行再生制动回收，在保证整车制动安全的前提下最大化地进行制动能量回收，提高了整车制动能量回收效率。
id-EP2853459A3    abstract-An example of an apparatus is disclosed comprising an energy source 102, a first motor 106, a second motor and a control system. The first motor 106 is configured to drive a first load 103 and the second motor is configured to drive a second load. The control system is coupled to the energy source 102, the first and the second motors. The control system dumps the braking power generated by the first load 103 at least partially on the first motor 106 according to a first braking command. The control system dumps the braking power generated by the second load at least partially on the second motor, according to a second braking command. Also disclosed are other varieties of apparatuses, vehicles, such as electric tractors, electric forklifts and relative methods, etc.
id-CN104512403B    abstract-本发明涉及用于显示环保车辆的再生制动效率的方法和系统，该方法和系统用于显示环保车辆的再生制动效率以针对驾驶员的制动习惯来更好地训练驾驶员并且希望教他们如何通过调整他们的制动习惯来提高车辆的燃料效率同时通过在环保车辆的制动期间在仪表上显示相比制动总量的再生制动效率来改善车辆的品质。具体地，通过控制器计算车辆制动时的制动总量以及包含再生制动量的比例。随后控制器确定车辆是否由于制动而停止。一旦车辆已经由于制动而停止，则在车辆的仪表上显示所计算的再生制动量的比例。
id-EP3054578A4    abstract-
id-CN104467450A    abstract-本发明的课题在于，提出一种在搭载制动斩波器时抑制追加设备的制动斩波器系统。本发明的铁道车辆用驱动装置具有：变压器，其对从对交流电力进行集电的集电装置输入的交流电力进行变压；第一电力变换装置，其将由所述变压器变压后的交流电力变换为直流电力；第二电力变换装置，其将直流电力变换为三相交流电力；和滤波电容器，其设置在所述第一和所述第二电力变换装置之间，该铁道车辆用驱动装置具有充电电阻，其设置在所述第一电力变换装置与所述变压器之间，限制从所述变压器向所述滤波电容器流入的充电电流，所述第一电力变换装置在车辆制动时将由所述三相交流电动机产生的再生电力提供给所述充电电阻，通过所述充电电阻来消耗所述再生电力。
id-WO2015046460A1    abstract-車両の制動システムは、車両に回生制動力を付与する第２のモータと、車輪に対応するホイールシリンダ内の液圧を調整することにより液圧制動力を車両に付与する液圧制動装置とを備え、ブレーキ操作時における車両の減速に合わせて回生制動力ＢＰＲを次第に小さくするとともに液圧制動力ＢＰＰを次第に大きくするすり替え制御を行う。そして、車両の制動システムの制御装置は、すり替え制御を行うに先立って、規定減圧量ΔＰｍｃＴｈに基づいて回生制動力ＢＰＲを制限する。
id-GB2518397A    abstract-An electric vehicle has an electric power source 10 and an electric motor 12 that also turns a motive battery top-up alternator 18 that in part recharges the motive battery. The power source 10 may be a motive battery, in part charged by the alternator 18, in which case switches 40 may ensure that the alternator 18 only charges the battery 10 when the vehicle is slowing or braking (regenerative braking). The alternator 18 may also charge an ancillary battery. The electric power source 10 may be a fuel cell. The ancillary battery can provide power to the motor 12 either together with or independently from power from the battery or fuel cell. One or more ancillary service alternators 30 42 may charge one or more ancillary service batteries 32 44 that each drive one or more ancillary vehicle services or systems.
id-DE202013012028U1    abstract-Kraftfahrzeug mit einer Karosserie (3) und einem von einem Kabelspeicher (2, 10) aufgenommenen elektrischen Kabel (4), dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass der Kabelspeicher (2, 10) außerhalb der Karosserie (3) am Kraftfahrzeug (1, 9) angebracht ist.
id-JP5884802B2    abstract-
id-FR3010250A1    abstract-L'invention propose un procédé d'alimentation d'un moteur électrique (3) de véhicule automobile par un ensemble de blocs batterie (10, 11, 12, 13) connectés en série, au moins un des blocs pouvant successivement être exclu ou être inclus, au moyen d'un commutateur ou d'une paire de commutateurs (30), de l'ensemble alimentant le moteur (3). On pilote pendant le roulage du véhicule le commutateur ou la paire de commutateurs de manière à limiter la tension en sortie de la batterie pour qu'elle reste compatible avec les systèmes véhicule ou de façon à optimiser l'énergie utile de la batterie même si les blocs ont des états de charge très différents.
id-US20150066266A1    abstract-A method for maximizing regenerative energy captured by an electric machine in a powertrain including an engine, the electric machine and a transmission device configured to transfer torque through a driveline includes detecting an operator brake request and monitoring a time between the detected operator brake request and a preceding operator brake request that was last detected. A maximized regenerative deceleration event is initiated if the time exceeds a predetermined threshold time that includes monitoring a current fixed gear ratio that is selected from among a plurality of fixed gear ratios of the transmission device when the operator brake request is detected and applying a magnitude of torque at the axle that is sufficient for achieving a maximum capability of the electric machine to capture regenerative energy in the current fixed gear ratio.
id-CH708588A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Kraftfahrzeug mit einem elektrischen Fahrantrieb (4), einem elektrischen Energiespeicher (3a, 3b) zur Bereitstellung von elektrischer Energie für den Fahrantrieb, einer Verbrennungskraftmaschine (1) und einem ausschliesslich von der Verbrennungskraftmaschine (1) angetriebenen Elektrogenerator (2) zur Wiederaufladung des elektrischen Energiespeichers (3a, 3b). Dabei ist der Energiespeicher (3a, 3b) mit mindestens einer ersten Teilbatterie (3a) und mindestens einer zweiten Teilbatterie (3b) ausgebildet, und ein Schaltelement (30) ist derart zwischen der ersten Teilbatterie (3a), der zweiten Teilbatterie (3b), dem Elektrogenerator (2) und dem elektrischen Fahrantrieb (4) angeordnet, und derart ausgebildet, dass die erste Teilbatterie (3a) und die zweite Teilbatterie (3b) wechselweise dem Elektrogenerator (2) oder dem elektrischen Fahrantrieb (4) zuschaltbar sind.
id-DK3049277T3    abstract-
id-DE102013014765A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betrieb einer Antriebsvorrichtung für ein Fahrzeug, die eine an einem elektrischen Energiespeicher (14) angeschlossene elektrische Maschine (16) und einen an den elektrischen Energiespeicher (14) angeschlossenen elektrochemischen Energieumwandler (10) umfasst, welcher Energieumwandler (10) auf Anforderung automatisch elektrische Energie bereitstellt, wobei die elektrische Maschine (16) im motorischen Betrieb und im generatorischen Betrieb betrieben wird, wobei der elektrische Energiespeicher (14) im motorischen Betrieb der elektrischen Maschine (16) entladen und im generatorischen Betrieb aufgeladen wird, wobei im motorischen Betrieb der elektrischen Maschine (16) bei Unterschreiten eines vorgegebenen Vergleichswertes durch eine elektrische Spannung (18) des elektrischen Energiespeichers (14) der elektrischen Maschine mittels des elektrochemischen Energieumwandlers elektrische Energie (16) zugeführt wird, wobei der Vergleichswert sehr viel kleiner als eine Bemessungsspannung des elektrischen Energiespeichers (14) und der elektrischen Maschine (16) gewählt wird.
id-DE102013014882A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Nutzung überschüssiger, in einem Kraftfahrzeug erzeugter Energie, bei welchem mit der überschüssigen Energie eine Batterie (13) aufgeladen wird. Die überschüssige Energie wird zur Aufladung eines mit der Batterie (13) verbundenen Akkumulators (19, 21, 23) mindestens eines fahrzeugexternen elektrischen Gerätes verwendet. Vorteilhafterweise ist die Batterie (13) mit einer Ladestation (9, 11) für den Akkumulator (19, 21, 23) verbunden, welche in einem gut zugänglichen Bereich (7) des Kraftfahrzeuges (1) angeordnet ist.
id-KR20150035255A    abstract-본 발명에 따른 전기 자전거의 회생제동장치는, 레버와, 상기 레버에 구비되어 전기 자전거의 후륜과 접촉시 마찰력에 의해 회전되는 롤러 및 상기 롤러의 회전력을 전기 에너지로 변환하는 발전기를 포함한다.
id-US9954212B2    abstract-A battery includes electrodes including a positive electrode and a negative electrode; and a particle-containing insulating part that is provided between the positive electrode and the negative electrode and includes particles and a resin, wherein the particles are a material capable of undergoing an endothermic dehydration reaction and have a flat shape with an aspect ratio of 2/1 or more.
id-US10046661B2    abstract-Electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles connect to Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE) to recharge a traction battery. Existing standards define the signal interface between the vehicle and EVSE including control pilot and proximity detect signals. The vehicle may use the status of these signals to detect when a connection is established with EVSE. The vehicle may indicate a connection when the signals provide conflicting statuses. The vehicle may prevent driving off and permit charging in the event of a proximity detect signal indicating a state of engagement other than connected as long as a valid control pilot signal is present. The status of the control pilot signal may be utilized to prevent drive-off and permit charging.
id-US9849793B2    abstract-An electrical storage system includes a main battery, an auxiliary battery, a bidirectional DC-DC converter and a controller. The bidirectional DC-DC converter is provided between the auxiliary battery and a power supply path from the main battery to a driving motor. The bidirectional DC-DC converter steps down an output voltage from the power supply path to the auxiliary battery, and steps up an output voltage from the auxiliary battery to the power supply path. The controller controls charging and discharging of the auxiliary battery. The controller, when an allowable output power of the main battery decreases and an electric power becomes insufficient for a required vehicle output, supplies an electric power to the power supply path by discharging the auxiliary battery by using the bidirectional DC-DC converter. The controller, when an allowable input power of the main battery decreases and a regenerated electric power generated by the driving motor is not entirely charged into the main battery, charges part of the regenerated electric power into the auxiliary battery by using the bidirectional DC-DC converter.
id-CN104553821B    abstract-本发明提供一种车辆。所述车辆可以是一种包括至少一个车轮、摩擦制动器、电机和至少一个控制器的混合动力电动车辆。摩擦制动器结合到车轮并被构造为提供摩擦制动扭矩，电机结合到车轮并被构造为提供再生制动扭矩。所述控制器被配置为在防抱死制动事件期间命令电机提供再生制动扭矩，以满足所需的防抱死车轮制动扭矩的低频扭矩分量或高频扭矩分量。
id-US9834110B2    abstract-A movement control device for a vehicle comprises a yaw-acceleration calculation portion to calculate a target yaw acceleration of the vehicle, a turn-back steering determination portion to determine whether a turn-back steering of the vehicle is conducted or not, and a drive-force control portion to a drive force of the vehicle. The control of the drive-force control portion is configured such that when the turn-back steering is not conducted, the amount of drive-force decreasing is increased with a specified increasing rate as the target yaw acceleration increases, the specified increasing rate becoming smaller as the target yaw acceleration increases, and when the turn-back steering is conducted, the drive force is increased in a case in which an absolute value of a steering angle of the vehicle decreases.
id-CN104578232B    abstract-本发明提供一种控制低电压电池充电的方法和装置。该方法包括由控制器基于车辆的操作模式和高电压电池的充电状态为低电压电池分配预设电压。此外，控制器比较预设电压与低电压电池的当前充电电压并且当预设电压大于当前充电电压时以第一斜率增大当前充电电压直至当前充电电压变得等于预设电压。操作模式可包括包含第一驾驶模式和第二驾驶模式的驾驶模式、燃料电池模式、以及紧急模式。可基于高电压电池的充电状态将第一驾驶模式分成多个阶段。
id-CN104553848B    abstract-本发明涉及用于调整电池组荷电状态阈值的系统和方法。公开了用于操作供应功率以推进车辆的电池组的系统和方法。一个示例方法包括：响应于车辆正在行进的一段道路的负坡度，增加电池组荷电状态窗口。该方法还包括响应于车辆从沿具有负坡度的一段道路行进转变至沿具有正的或零坡度的一段道路行进，减小电池组荷电状态窗口。
id-CN104553743B    abstract-本发明提供一种用于拉动被牵引动力工具的牵引车辆的驱动系统，该牵引车辆例如是拉动铲运机的牵引机。该驱动系统包括：发动机，其驱动用于产生电功率的发电机。牵引车辆电驱动马达通过传动装置被连接到牵引车辆的从动轮。辅助或工具电驱动马达驱动地连接到工具的从动轮。功率分配单元控制电功率从发电机到牵引车辆驱动马达和工具驱动马达的分配。控制单元根据操作者设置的功率分配、操作者设置的最大车轮滑转、感测的车轮滑转和其他感测的参数控制功率分配单元。
id-US9776623B2    abstract-A four-wheel drive electric vehicle control device is provided for a four-wheel drive electric vehicle that has a motor/generator as a drive source, and an electronically controlled coupling provided on the drive power transmission path leading from the drive source to the front and rear wheels. The four-wheel drive hybrid vehicle has a 4WD control unit that outputs to the electronically controlled coupling a transmission torque command value to bring about the four-wheel drive state, in accordance with the vehicle state. The 4WD control unit has a regenerative control intervention-coordinating controller that, when regenerative control by the motor/generator has intervened during the four-wheel drive state, brings the transmission torque of the electronically controlled coupling to zero before initiating regenerative control.
id-EP2927071B1    abstract-
id-US9242575B2    abstract-A method and system for controlling a fuel cell vehicle are provided in which a bidirectional converter monitors a state of a fuel cell vehicle in real time to improve control responsiveness in a transient state of the fuel cell vehicle. The method includes receiving, by a bidirectional converter, a command for a current limiting value in the high voltage battery from the fuel cell controller while the fuel cell vehicle is driven. In addition, the bidirectional converter is configured to determine whether the fuel cell vehicle is switched to a predetermined mode and change the current limiting value of the high voltage battery. A predetermined control is performed by the bidirectional converter based on the changed current limiting value when the fuel cell vehicle is switched to the predetermined mode.
id-WO2015052027A1    abstract-Es wird Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Fahrzeugs (1) beschrieben, wobei das Fahrzeug (1) eine Rekuperationseinheit (2) zur Rekuperation von Bewegungsenergie des Fahrzeugs (1) und eine Ausgabevorrichtung (3) zum Ausgeben von Fahrinformationen aufweist. Zumindest ein erster, eine mögliche bevorstehende Betätigung der Rekuperationseinheit (2) kennzeichnender Parameter wird ermittelt. Wird Ermittelt, ob eine Betätigung der Rekuperationseinheit (2) bevorsteht, basierend auf dem zumindest einen ermittelten ersten Parameter. Falls ermittelt wird, dass eine Betätigung der Rekuperationseinheit (2) bevorsteht, wird ein voraussichtlicher Verlauf einer Geschwindigkeit des Fahrzeugs (1) während der ermittelten bevorstehenden Betätigung der Rekuperationseinheit (2) basierend auf einem vorgebbaren Grad einer Rekuperationsstärke der Rekuperationseinheit (2) während der ermittelten bevorstehenden Betätigung der Rekuperationseinheit (2) ermittelt. Zumindest ein zweiter, den ermittelten voraussichtlichen Verlauf der Geschwindigkeit des Fahrzeugs (1) während der ermittelten bevorstehenden Betätigung der Rekuperationseinheit (2) kennzeichnenden Parameter wird mittels der Ausgabevorrichtung (3) ausgegeben.
id-CN104512261B    abstract-本发明提供一种用于估计车辆的可容许再生制动的系统和方法，该系统和方法通过考虑电池和电机的当前状态来估计可容许再生制动来校正可容许再生制动和制动线性度。用于估计车辆的可容许再生制动的系统包括：电机控制单元，用于提供电机的充电功率极限值作为第一输入；电池管理系统，用于提供电池的充电功率极限值作为第二输入；主动液压制动器，用于输入可容许再生制动作为第三输入；以及液压控制单元，用于使用作为输入的电池的充电功率极限值、电机的充电功率极限值、和可容许再生制动估计最终可容许再生制动。
id-CN104553816B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于使具有电驱动装置的机动车减速的方法以及相应的控制装置，该机动车包括在驾驶员方面可操纵的加速踏板和制动踏板，该方法具有在机动车方面实施的如下步骤：确定加速踏板的操纵的结束；在确定加速踏板的操纵的结束时，在用以使机动车减速的滑行回收的范围内设定与不操纵加速踏板相配的滑行回收力矩；在操纵制动踏板时，在保持滑行回收的情况下，提高机动车的减速度，其中，继续保持与不操纵加速踏板相配的滑行回收力矩；确定随后撤回制动踏板的操纵；在确定撤回制动踏板的操纵时，响应于撤回制动踏板的操纵，以与不操纵加速踏板相配的滑行回收力矩为出发点，降低滑行回收力矩。
id-US20160241110A1    abstract-A number of variations may include a product comprising: an electric motor generator, a first power electronics module operatively connected to the electric motor generator; an electric motor constructed and arranged for driving an air delivery device, and a second power electronics module coupled to the electric motor. A number of variations may include a product comprising: an electric motor generator for a vehicle and an electric motor constructed and arranged for driving an air delivery device, and single housing enclosing the electric motor generator and an electric motor.
id-AU2014226991A1    abstract-Abstract BRAKING SYSTEM FOR VEHICLE A braking system for a vehicle is provided. The braking system includes a traction motor configured to provide traction during a driving mode. 5 The traction motor is further configured to act as a generator during a braking mode. A resistor grid is configured to dissipate power from the traction motor in the form of waste heat. A thermoelectric module is interfaced with the resistor grid. Further, the waste heat provides a high temperature heat source for the thermoelectric module. A low temperature heat source is interfaced with the 10 thermoelectric module. A temperature difference between the high temperature heat source and the low temperature heat source produces a thermoelectric power. - ) )/ / o / o C\ ___ 0
id-US20160280071A1    abstract-The presently described apparatus and method describes the construction, use and operation of a hydraulic hybrid vehicle including the components and the manner by which the components are integrated into a standard electric powered vehicle. The vehicle may be powered by an electric motor, by a hydraulic motor, or by both acting together.
id-JP2015077856A    abstract-【課題】外部給電を行なう際に、内燃機関から蓄電装置の間の電力変換によるエネルギロスを低減することを可能にする、ハイブリッド車両の制御装置を提供する。 【解決手段】ハイブリッド車両の制御装置は、内燃機関と回転電機と蓄電装置とが搭載され外部給電可能なハイブリッド車両に用いられる制御装置である。制御装置は、要求電力を取得する要求電力情報取得部３１０と、要求電力が所定電力より大きい場合、蓄電装置を充電せずに、内燃機関により回転電機を駆動させて回転電機の発電電力をハイブリッド車両の外部へ供給するようにハイブリッド車両を制御する制御部３３０とを備える。 【選択図】図３
id-KR20150045296A    abstract-차량의 ABS 동작 제어 방법 및 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 차량의 ABS 동작 제어 방법은 ABS의 동작이 필요한 경우 ABS 동작 신호를 인에이블 시키는 단계, 인에이블된 ABS 동작 신호를 차량 제어기에 송신하는 단계, 송신 후, 모터 토크의 제거를 위한 최대 대기 시간을 설정하는 단계, 및 모터 토크가 제거되었다는 신호를 차량 제어기로부터 수신하거나, 모터 토크 제거 신호의 수신 없이 최대 대기 시간이 경과하면 ABS를 동작시키는 단계를 포함한다. 이에 의해 ABS 동작을 직접 제어하는 ABS 제어기로부터 정확한 ABS 동작 여부를 전달 받아 ABS 동작의 오감지를 방지하고, 불필요하게 모터 회생 제동이 차단되는 것을 방지하여 연비 손실을 줄이고, 제동력 감소를 방지할 수 있다.
id-KR101660009B1    abstract-본 발명은 슈퍼 커패시터, 양방향 DC/DC 컨버터, 배터리, 모터 및 제어부를 구비한 전기 자동차 전원장치의 제어방법은, 배터리와 슈퍼 커패시터를 병렬로 결합하는 방식에서, 상기 슈퍼 커패시터와 배터리 사이에 양방향 DC/DC 컨버터를 추가하고 양방향 DC/DC 컨버터를 능동적으로 제어하여, 슈퍼 커패시터의 전류를 효과적으로 활용하기 위한 방법에 관한 것이다.
id-KR101510343B1    abstract-본 발명의 실시예에 의한 플러그인 하이브리드 자동차는, 자동차의 운전 정보를 검출하는 운전정보검출부; 상기 운전정보검출부로부터 제공된 배터리의 SOC 정보를 이용하여 방전지향모드 진입 여부를 결정하는 모드결정부; 상기 모드결정부에서 방전지향모드 진입 시 목표 변속단을 결정하는 변속단결정부; 및 상기 변속단결정부에서 결정된 목표 변속단으로 변속할지 여부를 판단하는 변속결정부를 포함한다. 본 발명의 실시예에 의하면, 방전지향모드로 주행 시 변속기 효율과 모터 효율을 이용하여 변속단을 결정함으로써 연비와 성능을 개선시킬 수 있는 효과를 가진다.
id-KR101473587B1    abstract-본 발명의 일 실시예는 차량의 인휠 구동 시스템에 관한 것으로, 해결하고자 하는 기술적 과제는 차량의 휠의 모터 내부의 회전자의 기계적 파손 또는 인버터 내부의 회로 쇼트에 의한 회전자의 잠김 현상없이 관성 운동이 가능하게 하는데 있다. 이를 위해 본 발명의 일 실시예는 차량의 각각의 휠의 구동축에 감속기를 통하여 각각 연결된 인휠 모터를 이용하여 상기 휠을 구동하는 차량의 인휠 구동 시스템이고, 상기 각각의 인휠 모터 내부의 회전자의 위치 정보를 감지하는 감지부; 및 상기 위치 정보를 이용하여 상기 각각의 인휠 모터의 회전수를 연산하고, 상기 각각의 인휠 모터의 회전수의 편차를 계산하여, 상기 계산 결과에 따라 상기 감속기의 동작을 제어하는 인버터를 포함하는 차량의 인휠 구동 시스템을 개시한다.
id-KR20150043817A    abstract-개시된 내용은 회생전력 방전장치 및 그 방법에 관한 것으로서, 정전발생시 공급하는 비상전원으로 동작하는 항만하역장비 각각의 운전 상태정보를 토대로 항만하역장비 각각으로부터 발전기로 입력되는 회생전력을 검출하는 회생전력 검출부와, 회생전력 검출부로부터 입력되는 항만하역장비의 회생전력 검출 데이터를 토대로 회생전력량을 계측하며, 계측된 회생전력량에 따라 회생전력 방전량을 설정하는 회생전력 제어부와, 회생전력 제어부에서 설정한 회생전력 방전량을 토대로 항만하역장비에서 발생한 회생전력을 방전하기 위한 회생전력 방전소자의 전류량을 결정하며, 결정된 전류량을 토대로 회생전력 방전소자의 구동을 제어하는 회생전력 구동부, 그리고 회생전력 구동부의 전류량 제어를 토대로 발열을 수행하여 항만하역장비에서 발생한 회생전력을 방전시키는 회생전력 방전소자를 포함한다. 따라서, 본 발명은 정전발생시 발전기 내에서 각 항만하역장비에서 발생하는 회생전력을 방전, 처리하여 발전기의 안정적인 운전을 도모할 수 있고, 발전기를 이동형으로 제작할 수 있어 각 항만하역장비의 운용 중 발생하는 정전 상황에 빠르게 대응할 수 있으며, 종래에서처럼 각 항만하역 장비마다 정전상황에서의 회생전력 방전처리를 위한 별도의 장비를 설치하지 않아도 되므로 비용을 크게 절감시킬 수 있다.
id-JP6576627B2    abstract-
id-US20150114739A1    abstract-The presently described apparatus and method describes the construction, use and operation of a hydraulic hybrid vehicle including the components and the manner by which the components are integrated into a standard electric powered vehicle. The vehicle may be powered by an electric motor, by a hydraulic motor, or by both acting together.
id-US20160277418A1    abstract-In order for effectively managing security of ProSe (Proximity based Services) communication, a server forming a communication system monitors locations of a plurality of UEs that are grouped to conduct direct communication with each other. The server manages security of the direct communication based on the locations.
id-FR3012376A1    abstract-Le procédé de gestion du freinage pour un véhicule automobile comportant un groupe motopropulseur hybride comprenant un moteur thermique, un stockeur d'énergie et des moyens de remplissage en énergie du stockeur d'énergie, le procédé comportant, lorsqu'une action de freinage est détectée, des étapes de : ▪ remplissage du stockeur d'énergie par les moyens de remplissage, si le stockeur d'énergie n'est pas plein, et ▪ dissipation d'énergie en faisant tourner, par entrainement, le moteur thermique, si le stockeur est plein, le procédé comportant, en outre, une étape d'évaluation du Jerk (100) afin de gérer le passage entre l'étape de remplissage du stockeur d'énergie et l'étape de dissipation de l'énergie.
id-KR20150042452A    abstract-본 발명에 의한 차량의 회생 제동을 제어하기 위한 방법이 개시된다. 본 발명에 따른 회생 제동을 제어하기 위한 방법은 차량을 구동하기 위한 전원을 공급하는 배터리로부터 배터리 전압을 측정하는 단계; 공급된 상기 전원을 상기 제동 모터에 제공하는 DC 링크부로부터 DC 링크 전압 및 DC 링크 전류를 측정하는 단계; 및 측정된 상기 배터리 전압과 측정된 상기 DC 링크 전압 및 상기 DC 링크 전류를 기반으로 상기 배터리와 상기 DC 링크부 사이에 연결되는 배터리 보호 스위치, 상기 배터리 보호 스위치와 상기 DC 링크부 사이에 연결되는 회생제동 방지 스위치, 상기 배터리 보호 스위치와 상기 회생제동 방지 스위치 사이와 상기 배터리와 상기 DC 링크부 사이에 연결되는 회생제동 충전 스위치의 동작을 제어하는 단계를 포함한다.
id-DE102013220733A1    abstract-Verfahren zur Nachbildung einer Motorbremswirkung eines Fahrzeugs mit einem Verbrennungsmotors für ein Fahrzeug (10) mit mindestens einem Elektromotor (15) oder mit mindestens einem Elektromotor (15) und einem Verbrennungsmotor (17), wobei das Fahrzeug (10) mindestens einen Sensor (12, 13) für eine Erfassung einer Betriebsgröße des Fahrzeugs (10) umfasst, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass die Nachbildung der Motorbremswirkung in Abhängigkeit der durch den mindestens einen Sensor (12, 13) erfassten Betriebsgröße des Fahrzeugs (10) durchgeführt wird.
id-DE102013016876A1    abstract-Zu dieser Anmeldung wurden keine Patentansprüche eingereicht.
id-US9399404B2    abstract-An objective of the present invention is to provide a charging system, capable of increasing the rapid charging capacity of an on-vehicle all-solid-state battery, and reducing the effect of confining pressure on the all-solid-state battery. This is achieved by a charging system for an all-solid-state battery to be mounted in a vehicle, the charging system comprising: a charging section that charges an all-solid-state battery, a pressing section that applies confining pressure to the all-solid-state battery, and a pressure control section that controls the confining pressure, wherein the pressure control section directs the pressing section so that the confining pressure during charging is higher than the confining pressure during discharging.
id-US10155447B2    abstract-To provide a drive control device of a moving body capable of increasing a regeneration amount without hindering a driver's brake operation and causing too much deceleration. A drive control device of a moving body that updates a regenerative pattern of a driving motor of the moving body including a brake that generates a braking force by being linked to an operation amount of a brake pedal, the drive control device including an external world information acquisition unit that acquires external world information and a brake detector that detects ON/OFF of the brake, wherein when the brake detector detects ON, the regenerative pattern is changed based on the external world information acquired by the external world information acquisition unit such that a braking distance only decreases.
id-US9944290B2    abstract-A method controls regenerative braking of a motor vehicle provided with an electric or hybrid powertrain. The method includes determining that a driver is pressing neither a throttle pedal nor a brake pedal of the vehicle. The method also includes determining a correction coefficient as a function of a torque supplied by a motor of the powertrain, of a speed and an angular velocity at a wheel of the vehicle, of a gradient, of a mass of the vehicle, and of friction. Next, the method includes determining a setpoint for regenerative braking without pressure on the brake pedal as a function of the correction coefficient and of two maps of torque as a function of a rotational speed of the powertrain, for a substantially zero gradient and a vehicle mass substantially equal to a reference mass of the vehicle.
id-US9473059B2    abstract-A control apparatus controls an AC motor by detecting current passing through one phase. The apparatus includes an upper controller which includes a torque command calculation section, and a torque monitoring section monitoring torque to determine whether the torque is within a range, and a lower controller which controls current supply to an inverter based on a torque command value to control the motor, and which acquires information on a current-supply state and a rotation state of the motor and transmits information on a control state to the upper controller. At least one of the controllers estimates a current estimate value of an estimated phase or a d-q axis current estimate value based on a current detection value of the one phase and an electrical angle, and calculates information for monitoring torque based on the current estimate value. The torque monitoring section monitors the torque based on the information.
id-US20160243943A1    abstract-The antilock brake control device is used in a vehicle including: a motor to drive a wheel; a wheel bearing to transmit a rotation of the motor to the wheel and to rotationally support the wheel; and a friction brake to urge a press member against a brake rotor provided in each wheel, to generate a frictional force to brake the wheel. The antilock brake control device includes slip ratio monitor to monitor a slip ratio of the wheel; and driving torque addition section to add a torque in a driving direction to a torque command value for the motor when the slip ratio monitored by the slip ratio monitor exceeds a target slip ratio. When the torque in the driving direction is added to the torque command value for the motor, the friction brake is not operated.
id-US10005447B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an engine, a first motor generator that is configured to generate electric power using the power of the engine, an electric storage device that is configured to store the electric power that is generated by the first motor generator, a connection part through which the electric power that has been stored in the electric storage device is supplied to the outside of the vehicle; and an ECU that is configured to start the engine when the SOC of the electric storage device reaches a predetermined starting threshold value. The ECU sets a starting threshold value ON 2  that is used when the vehicle is in an undrivable condition and electric power is being supplied to the outside of the vehicle through the connection part to a value smaller than a starting threshold value ON 1  that is used when the vehicle is in a drivable condition.
id-EP2949530B1    abstract-
id-DE112014005234B4    abstract-Bordnetz-Leistungssteuerungsschaltung (10) mit - mindestens einer elektrisch steuerbaren Leistungspfad-Auswahlstufe (20, 20'); - mindestens einer elektrisch steuerbaren Leistungs-Modulationsstufe (30); und - einer ersten sowie einer zweiten Anschlussseite (40, 42), wobei die erste und die zweite Anschlussseite (40, 42) über die mindestens eine Leistungspfad-Auswahlstufe (20, 20') und die mindestens eine Leistungs-Modulationsstufe (30) miteinander verbunden sind und mindestens eine der Anschlussseiten (40, 42) mehrere Anschlüsse (50, 52) aufweist, die über die mindestens eine Leistungspfad-Auswahlstufe (20, 20') auswählbar mit einem Leistungsanschluss der mindestens einen Leistungs-Modulationsstufe (30) verbunden sind, wobei die mindestens eine Leistungs-Modulationsstufe (30) in mehrere Leistungs-Modulationsunterstufen (224 a,b) aufgeteilt ist, und die Anschlüsse (50, 52) der zweiten Anschlussseite (40, 42) in Anschlussuntergruppen aufgeteilt sind, wobei die Leistungs-Modulationsunterstufen (224a, b) eingerichtet sind, gleichzeitig verschiedene Funktionen durchzuführen, und wobei die jeweiligen Leistungs-Modulationsunterstufen (224a, b) individuell mit den einzelnen Anschlüssen (52) der zweiten Seite (42) verbunden sind.
id-US20150130423A1    abstract-Even when a high voltage in electric railways is applied from power lines, an electric automobile makes it possible to apply an appropriate voltage lower than the high voltage to a motor and an inverter that supplies the motor with electric power. The electric automobile includes, a first DC/DC converter that steps up the battery voltage of a high-voltage battery to a level corresponding to an power line feeding voltage, a second converter connected between power line contact terminals, which are brought into contact with power lines to receive electric power from the power lines under the high power line feeding voltage, and the DC terminals of the inverter for energizing the motor. Therefore, even if the high power line feeding voltage is applied from the power lines, the second DC/DC converter functions as an electric damping device to prevent the high voltage from being applied to the inverter.
id-CN105794073A    abstract-充放电系统具备对安装于彼此并联连接的电容器与二次电池之间的电力变换装置进行控制的控制装置。所述控制装置具备：要求电力运算部，基于所述电容器的电流以及电压和所述电力变换装置的输入输出电流来运算电动发电机的要求输入输出电力；电容器放电偏置系数映射，规定所述电动发电机的要求输入电力中从所述电容器向所述电动发电机供给的电力的比例；电容器充电偏置系数映射，规定所述电动发电机的要求输出电力中从所述电动发电机向所述电容器充入的电力的比例；以及减算部，从所述要求输入输出电力减去所述电容器的充放电电力来运算所述二次电池的充放电电力。
id-KR20150063615A    abstract-연료 전지 시스템의 운전 제어 방법이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 연료 전지 시스템의 운전 제어 방법은 연료 전지 스택의 건조 상태를 판단하는 단계; 및 상기 연료 전지 스택에 공기를 공급하는 공기 블로워를 상기 판단 결과에 따라 상이한 방식으로 정지시키는 단계를 포함한다. 이에 의해 개방 회로 전압(Open Circuit Voltage; OCV)이 유지되는 시간을 감소시키고, 연료 전지 스택의 드라이 아웃(Dry Out)을 방지하여 연료 전지의 내구성을 향상시킬 수 있다.
id-JP2015091167A    abstract-【課題】電流検出値に異常が生じた場合に、安定して１相制御に移行可能な交流電動機の制御装置を提供する。【解決手段】安定化判断部５５は、制御用Ｖ相電流検出値ｉｖ＿ｓｎｓ、制御用Ｗ相電流検出値ｉｗ＿ｓｎｓ、監視用Ｖ相電流検出値ｉｖ＿ｓｎｓ＿ａおよび監視用Ｗ相電流検出値ｉｗ＿ｓｎｓ＿ａの一部に異常が検出された後、交流電動機２に通電される電流が安定したか否かを判断する。切替判定部７０では、制御用Ｖ相電流検出値ｉｖ＿ｓｎｓ、制御用Ｗ相電流検出値ｉｗ＿ｓｎｓ、監視用Ｖ相電流検出値ｉｖ＿ｓｎｓ＿ａおよび監視用Ｗ相電流検出値ｉｗ＿ｓｎｓ＿ａの一部に異常が検出された後、交流電動機２に通電される電流が安定したと判断された場合、正常相電流検出値に基づいて演算される電流推定値ｉｄ＿ｅｓｔ、ｉｑ＿ｅｓｔを電流確定値ｉｄ＿ｆｉｘ、ｉｑ＿ｆｉｘとして選択する。これにより、安定して１相制御に移行可能である。【選択図】 図３
id-US20180083537A1    abstract-A method includes controlling a power supply system to avoid an over-voltage event across one or more switching devices of the power supply system. The controlling is based on switching overlap information that includes instructions for either advancing or retarding a switching signal associated with at least one of the switching devices.
id-WO2015080021A1    abstract-力行制御と回生制御との間の切換時のショックを低減すると共に、制動距離の短縮を図ることができる電気自動車の制御装置を提供する。この電気自動車の制御装置のモータコントロール部(29)は、力行制御手段(33a)と、回生制御手段(33b)と、これら力行制御手段(33a)および回生制御手段(33b)のいずれを用いるかをＥＣＵ(21)からの指令フラグにより切換える力行・回生制御切換制御部(33c)とを有する。さらに車速検出手段(37)を設け、ＥＣＵ(21)からの指令フラグに基づく力行制御と回生制御との間の切換時に、車速検出手段(37)で検出される車速、アクセルペダル(16a)の踏込み量、およびブレーキペダル(17a)の踏込み量に応じて、時間当たりの力行または回生指令トルクの増加率を異ならせる力行・回生指令トルク増加率変更手段(34)を、モータコントロール部(29)に設けた。
id-DE102013224149A1    abstract-Erläutert wird unter anderem eine Elektromaschine (10, 100a, 400), insbesondere ein Elektromotor (10, 100a, 400), insbesondere für einen Radnabenantrieb, enthaltend: – einen ringförmigen Statorträger (12), – einen ringförmigen Rotorträger (14), der einen Innendurchmesser (D1) hat, der größer als ein Außendurchmesser (D2) des Statorträgers (12) ist und der an einer Drehachse (A) konzentrisch bzw. koaxial mit dem Statorträger (12) angeordnet ist, und – eine am Statorträger (12) und am Rotorträger (14) angeordnete Lamellenbremse (16), wobei eine erste Anzahl von Bremslamellen (70 bis 76) der Lamellenbremse (16) an einem Aufnahmeteil (21) des Statorträgers (12) angeordnet ist, und wobei der Aufnahmeteil (21) einstückig mit dem Statorträger (12) ausgebildet ist.
id-US20160288661A1    abstract-An electric power supply device for a vehicle includes an electric storage device, a boost converter, and a controller. The boost converter boosts voltage of the electric storage device and supplies the boosted voltage to an electric load of the vehicle. The controller controls the boost converter in a continuous boost mode and an intermittent boost mode. The continuous boost mode is a mode in which the boost converter is in continuous operation. The intermittent boost mode is a mode in which the boost converter is in intermittent operation. The controller more restricts a charge/discharge demand of the electric storage device such that a charge/discharge demand of the electric storage device at a time when the boost converter is operated in the intermittent boost mode is more restrictive than a charge/discharge demand of the electric storage device at a time when the boost converter is operated in the continuous boost mode.
id-US20160288663A1    abstract-A charge/discharge system is capable of supplying electric power to an electric motor generator and capable of charging with regenerative electric power from the electric motor generator. The charge/discharge system includes: a capacitor connected to the electric motor generator; a secondary battery connected in parallel to the capacitor; an electric power converter placed between the capacitor and the secondary battery to increase/decrease the charge/discharge voltage of the secondary battery; and a controller to control the electric power converter. If the SOC of the secondary battery is equal to or greater than a preset first setting value, the controller controls so that regenerative electric power of the electric motor generator is stored in the capacitor only, and if the SOC of the secondary battery falls below the first setting value, a part or an entire of the regenerative electric power of the electric motor generator is stored in the secondary battery.
id-JP6237789B2    abstract-
id-CN104648160A    abstract-一种根据本发明的示例性方面的方法，包括控制车辆以响应诊断测试，以及其他，该诊断测试执行用于检测车辆错误的电缆连接。
id-KR101484241B1    abstract-본 발명은 차량용 배터리 관리 장치에 관한 것이다. 본 발명은 차량의 시동 및 주행 상태를 감지하는 차량 정보 센싱부, 배터리의 온도, 전류, 전압 및 SOC(State Of Charge)를 감지하는 배터리 센싱부, 차량의 시동이 걸리고, 주행 상태가 감속되는 경우 보정 모드로 진입하고, 보정 모드로 진입 시 배터리의 내부 저항을 연산하고, 배터리의 내부 저항을 이용하여 배터리의 SOC 및 SOH(State Of Health)를 보정하는 제어부, 보정 모드에 대응하여 미리 설정된 목표 전류에 따라 전기 부하의 소비 전력을 제어하는 부하 제어부, 및 보정 모드에 대응하여 미리 설정된 목표 전압에 따라 발전하는 알터네이터를 포함한다.
id-US9580067B2    abstract-Charging/discharging control system for an electricity storage device includes motor/generator, electricity storage device, AC/DC conversion unit for performing AC/DC conversion processing between the AC power of motor/generator and the DC power of electricity storage device, and control device for controlling the charge and discharge of electricity storage device via AC/DC conversion unit. During charge control, in accordance with the charge state of electricity storage device, control device restricts the magnitude of the DC power that is obtained by converting the generation power generated by the regenerative braking of motor/generator at the deceleration and is supplied to electricity storage device.
id-WO2015075807A1    abstract-電力変換装置により制御される回転電動機を駆動源として備えた電気車両の制御システムにおいて、最終トルク指令に従って回転電動機１にトルクを出力させるための電動機制御装置４と、電気車両に対して前進または後退を指示する動作モードと回転電動機１の速度とに基づいて、前記動作モードによる進行方向とは反対の方向に電気車両が移動するのを防止するためのトルク指令補正値を演算するトルク演算手段５と、トルク指令とトルク指令補正値との加算値を最終トルク指令として電動機制御装置４に入力する加算手段６とを備える。これにより、路面の傾斜や車両重量を検出するセンサを追加することなく、各種の回転電動機に適用可能であって、坂道においても機械式ブレーキを使用せずに電気車両の停止状態を維持可能とした制御システムを実現する。
id-EP3074255A4    abstract-
id-WO2015072296A1    abstract-モータ回転に伴う誘起電圧による平滑コンデンサの破壊を防止することができる電動機駆動装置の提供。　電動機駆動装置は、バッテリ１２０の電圧を平滑化する平滑コンデンサ６０と、平滑コンデンサ６０で平滑化された電圧が印加され、モータ５５を駆動制御するインバータ７０と、平滑コンデンサ６０の電圧を検出する電圧センサ１１０と、電圧センサ１１０で検出された電圧の変動値を算出し、その電圧変動値が所定値以上である場合に、モータ５５の回転速度を減少させるように変速機３０の変速比を制御する変速制御部（コントローラ１３０および変速機用コントローラ１４０）とを備える。例えば、モータ５５の誘起電圧が平滑コンデンサ６０の耐圧値未満となるような変速比Ｇｒ２に制御する。
id-WO2015079574A1    abstract-モータを走行駆動源とし、アクセル操作量が減少またはゼロになると、モータの回生制動力により減速する電動車両の制御装置は、アクセル操作量が減少またはゼロになった場合に、電動車両の走行速度に比例する速度パラメータを、漸近的にゼロに収束する速度パラメータ目標値に一致させる。
id-KR101498524B1    abstract-본 발명은 전기철도차량의 회생제동 전력을 이용한 주공기 압축기 동작 제어 시스템 및 그 방법에 관한 것으로서, 전기철도차량의 회생제동시 만들어지는 회생제동 전력을, 전기철도차량에서 공기제동을 사용하는 주공기 압축기의 작동 전력으로 활용하여 동작을 제어하는 시스템 및 그 방법을 제공함에 그 목적이 있다.  이러한 목적을 달성하기 위한 본 발명은, 주공기통의 압력을 계측하여 주공기 압축기 제어장치로 전달하는 주공기통 압력 계측장치; 추진제어장치로부터 발생된 회생제동 전력과 기 설정된 회생전력 최소 기준값을 비교하여 주공기 압축기의 동작을 제어하며, 주공기통의 압력과 주공기 압축기의 동작 상한 공기압력 설정치 및 동작 하한 공기압력 설정치를 각각 비교하여 주공기 압축기의 동작을 제어하는 주공기 압축기 제어장치; 전기철도차량의 보조전원장치로부터 회생제동 전력을 입력받으며, 입력된 회생제동 전력을 이용하여 상기 주공기 압축기 제어장치의 제어에 따라 동작하는 주공기 압축기; 및 상기 주공기 압축기 제어장치의 제어에 의해 주공기 압축기를 통해 공급되는 압축 공기량을 저장하고, 제동 공압제어회로로 공급하는 주공기통; 를 포함한다.
id-JP2015089698A    abstract-【課題】車両外部の電気機器へ安定して電力を供給することができるハイブリッド車両およびハイブリッド車両の制御方法を提供する。【解決手段】給電装置３００は、モータジェネレータＭＧ１からの発電電力および蓄電装置Ｂに蓄えられた蓄電電力の少なくとも一方の電力を外部機器４００へ供給する。ＥＣＵ５０は、蓄電装置Ｂから外部機器４００への電力供給を、エンジン２を始動してモータジェネレータＭＧ１から外部機器４００への電力供給に切り替える切替制御を実行する。ＥＣＵ５０は、切替制御の実行中に、蓄電装置Ｂから外部機器４００への電力供給を継続しながらエンジン２を始動するように給電装置３００およびエンジン２を制御する。【選択図】図１
id-CN105745836A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于运行具有换流器（115）的电机（110）的方法，所述电机（110）与参考地电势（U B ）电连接，其中监视参考地电势（UB）与基准地电势（UR）之间的地电压差，并且其中当地电压差达到上限值时，电机（110）在输出电流的运行状态下运行，并且其中当地电压差达到下限值时，电机（110）在不输出电流的运行状态下运行。
id-KR101440277B1    abstract-본 발명은 양방향 DC-to-DC 컨버터 장치에 관한 것으로, 보다 더 구체적으로는 각 동작 모드에 대한 최적조건의 인덕터 사용이 가능한 회로 토폴로지로서, 두 개의 입력 인덕터를 직렬 결합하고, 두 인덕터 사이에서 스위치 암의 중앙과 연결이 가능하도록 스위치를 추가한 회로를 가지며, 강압모드, 승압모드 조건에 따라 동작시킬 스위치를 선택함으로써 두 인덕터를 사용하거나 하나의 인덕터를 사용하도록 구성되는 양방향 DC-to-DC 컨버터 장치에 관한 것이다.  본 발명의 일실시예에 따른 양방향 DC-to-DC 컨버터 장치는 직렬 결합된 두개의 입력 인덕터들; 상기 입력 인덕터들 중 제1인덕터와 제2인덕터 사이에 연결되는 제1스위치와 제2인덕터에 연결되는 제2스위치; 및 제1스위치와 제2스위치와 연결되는 하프브리지 인버터;를 포함하여 구성되고, 강압모드, 승압모드 조건에 따라 동작시킬 스위치가 외부로부터 선택됨으로써 제1 및 제2 인덕터 모두를 사용하거나 제1 인덕터만을 사용하도록 구성되는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-WO2015078757A3    abstract-Radnabenantrieb Es wird ein Radnabenantrieb (1) für ein Kraftfahrzeug angegeben, insbesondere für ein Elektroauto, der einen Elektromotor (2) und einen hydrodynamischen Drehmomentwandler (4) umfasst, wobei der hydrodynamische Drehmomentwandler (4) mit dem Elektromotor (2) antriebswirksam verbunden ist.
id-DE102013223420A1    abstract-Ein Aspekt der Erfindung betrifft ein Fahrzeugsteuersystem für ein Kraftfahrzeug mit einem eine elektrische Maschine umfassenden Antrieb. Der Antrieb ist so eingerichtet, dass im Schubbetrieb bei einer Stellung des Fahrpedals unterhalb einer Schwelle ein der Fahrbewegung entgegenwirkendes Verzögerungsmoment unter Gewinnung elektrischer Energie erzeugt wird. Das Fahrzeugsteuersystem umfasst eine Antriebssteuereinrichtung zum Steuern des Elektroantriebs. Die Antriebssteuereinrichtung ist eingerichtet, in Abhängigkeit einer für die Stellung des Fahrpedals charakteristischen Fahrpedalgröße ein vom Fahrer gewünschtes Fahrerwunschmoment zu ermitteln. Dieses Fahrerwunschmoment wirkt im Schubbetrieb der Fahrbewegung entgegen und verzögert das Fahrzeug. Das Fahrerwunschmoment weist je nach Fahrpedalstellung im Schubbetrieb unterschiedliche Werte auf. Die Antriebssteuereinrichtung ist ferner eingerichtet, in Abhängigkeit einer oder mehrere Einflussgrößen das aktuell maximal einstellbare Verzögerungsmoment des Antriebs zu bestimmen. Die Antriebssteuereinrichtung ist darüber hinaus eingerichtet, das Fahrerwunschmoment und das maximal einstellbare Verzögerungsmoment über einen Datenbus an eine Bremssteuereinrichtung zu übermitteln. Die Bremssteuereinrichtung dient zum Steuern eines Betriebsbremssystems des Kraftfahrzeugs. Die Bremssteuereinrichtung ist eingerichtet, das Fahrerwunschmoment und das maximal einstellbare Verzögerungsmoment entgegenzunehmen und in Abhängigkeit des Fahrerwunschmoments und des maximal einstellbaren Verzögerungsmoments bei zum Abbilden des Fahrerwunschmoments nicht ausreichendem maximal einstellbaren Verzögerungsmoment ein zusätzliches Bremsmoment über das Betriebsbremssystem zur Kompensation einzustellen.
