id-US20170190327A1    abstract-A brake system for a vehicle having a master brake cylinder, which provides a pressure signal, having a brake-medium reservoir connected to the master brake cylinder, and a first brake circuit, which is coupled by a first input to the master brake cylinder and by a second input to the brake-medium reservoir, and having at least one first wheel-brake cylinder, which is mounted at a first wheel, in order to exert a force corresponding to the pressure signal onto the first wheel, and having a separator valve, which is configured between the first input and the first wheel-brake cylinder, to prevent further transmission of the pressure signal upon receipt of a supplied closing signal; and having a control valve, which is configured between the first input and the first wheel-brake cylinder; in order to control an inflow of a brake medium from brake-medium reservoir to the first wheel-brake cylinder. In addition, a method for controlling a corresponding brake system is also described.
id-JP5079535B2    abstract-
id-US20100235063A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle ( 1 ) includes a rotation speed sensor ( 7 ) for detecting speed of rotation (Nm) of a motor generator (MG 2 ). Fluctuation of the rotation speed (Nm) of the motor generator (MG 2 ) reflects fluctuation of a first torque generated in a power transmitting member including a drive shaft ( 8 ). Hybrid vehicle ( 1 ) further includes a controller ( 30 ) for controlling a second torque transmitted from motor generator (MG 2 ) through a rotation shaft of motor generator (MG 2 ) to the power transmitting member, based on the speed of rotation (Nm) detected by rotation speed sensor ( 7 ). If the first torque is a vibration torque that fluctuates to cause the rotation shaft of motor generator (MG 2 ) to rotate in positive and negative directions, controller ( 30 ) controls the second torque such that difference between absolute values of maximum value and minimum value of the vibration torque becomes smaller.
id-GB2456351A    abstract-An electric vehicle having a hub motor in each wheel is disclosed. The motor of each wheel includes coils sets (44, 46, 48, fig.7) arranged to produce a magnetic field of the motor. The motor also includes a plurality of magnets (242, fig.3; fig.9). Each set of coils (44, 46, 48, fig.7) comprises a plurality of individually energised coils. Each individually energised coil may comprise more than one winding (74A, 74B, 74C, fig.8; fig.9). The motor also includes a plurality of control devices (80, fig.10), each device housed within the casing of the motor (80, fig.3) and connected to a respective individually energised coil. A common power connection links the control devices and a power source. Each wheel motor can provide regenerative braking. In braking mode, the control devices (80, fig.11) are arranged to switch their respective coils using pulse width modulation so that the current profile delivered by each control device (80) to the common power connection is offset in relation to that from other control devices. Full braking torque may thus be provided whilst avoiding current peaks on the common power connection. The redundancy in the design of the motor allows it to continue to provide both drive and braking torque even if some of the switching circuits fail. A dump resistor may also be incorporated and may be distributed around the wheel. DC plug braking may be used at very low speeds. A separate mechanical braking arrangement may not be needed.
id-US8630781B2    abstract-A regeneration energy shunt system utilizes a module to monitor the power bus voltage and can divert excess regeneration energy to a resistor array to dissipate the excess regeneration energy. The module can monitor the state of charge of an energy storage device to ascertain when excess regeneration energy condition exists. The resistor array can include a plurality of resistors. The module can ascertain the number of resistors needed dissipate the excess regeneration energy and selectively direct the excess regeneration energy to the required number of resistors. The module can dynamically switch which resistors are used to dissipate the excess regeneration energy and can thereby even out the loading across the resistors. The module can ascertain a state of health of the individual resistors and remove unhealthy resistors from service, report the state of health of the resistors, and initiate changes in operation based thereon.
id-JP2009183078A    abstract-【課題】電気車の回生ブレーキが作用する速度域を拡大するとともに、ブレーキ時の発電エネルギの蓄電と、蓄電エネルギによる駆動装置への電力の供給を適切に制御できる電気車の駆動システムを提供する。 【解決手段】電力蓄積手段１２を直流電圧取得手段１と同じ電圧印加方向に直列接続するか否かの切換えをする第一の電流制御手段１３と、直流電圧取得手段１と電力蓄積手段１２との間に電力蓄積手段１２を介して電力変換手段４に接続されるように接続される第二の電流制御手段８ａ、５１ａと、直流電圧取得手段１と接地点１０１の間に第二の電流制御手段８ａ、５１ａと直列に接続される第三の電流制御手段８ｂ、５１ｂとを設けることにより上記課題を解決する 【選択図】図１
id-US20090174189A1    abstract-A system for generating electricity from the rotational movement of wheels of a vehicle incorporates a turbine assembly, a wheel assembly, and an apparatus for storing electricity. The turbine assembly is disposed within the wheel assembly. The turbine assembly is connected to the apparatus for storing electricity thereby supplying the apparatus for storing electricity with electricity produced by the rotational movement of the wheel. The turbine assembly is comprised of a hollow rotor and a stator. The stator is disposed longitudinally within the hollow rotor.
id-CN101952153A    abstract-本发明涉及控制混合车辆加速的方法，其中混合车辆包括至少两个独立的能量储蓄器，其中包括给车的至少一个电机供电并能够在减速阶段期间由电机再充电的电池，所述方法包括：在给定的时刻估计(43，44)：在下一减速期间可由电池恢复的能量(E bat   decel )；储存在电池中的能量(E bat   mesuree )；这两个能量的和(E bat   future )与预定阈值(E bat   seuil )比较(46)，如果该和大于该阈值，则准许在加速阶段期间通过电池将额外的电力输送到电机。
id-JP2009168048A    abstract-【課題】変速機の変速比を制御する場合に、駆動力源の回転数が相対的に高くなることを抑制できる駆動力制御装置を提供する。 【解決手段】駆動力源と車輪との間に変速機が設けられた駆動力制御装置において、駆動力源の目標回転数を求める前に、車両の運転者が車輪に伝達することを要求している要求トルクを求める要求トルク算出手段（ステップＳ００２）と、求められた要求トルクに基づいて、駆動力源の仮回転数を求める仮回転数算出手段（ステップＳ００３）と、駆動力源の実際の回転数を検知する実回転数検知手段（ステップＳ００３）と、駆動力源の実際の回転数と仮回転数とを比較して小さい方の回転数を目標回転数とする目標回転数算出手段（ステップＳ００３）とを備えている。 【選択図】図１
id-FR2926771A1    abstract-Pour un véhicule qui comporte au moins une roue, une pédale de frein, un maître cylindre agencé pour générer une pression hydraulique utilisable pour appliquer un couple de freinage dissipatif sur ladite roue, et une machine électrique agencée pour appliquer un couple de freinage récupératif sur ladite roue, le procédé de freinage comprend :- une première étape (102) dans laquelle la pression hydraulique est montée dans le maître cylindre, proportionnellement à un enfoncement sur la pédale de frein ;- une deuxième étape (106) dans laquelle une partie de la pression hydraulique est utilisée pour appliquer le couple de freinage dissipatif et le couple de freinage récupératif est modulé pour compléter le couple de freinage dissipatif de façon à obtenir un couple de freinage équivalent à celui qui serait obtenu si la totalité de la pression hydraulique était utilisée sans freinage récupératif.A chaque étape, on prend en compte la gestion de la sensation pédale.
id-FR2926684A1    abstract-La présente invention concerne un système d'alimentation électrique d'un véhicule, notamment un véhicule automobile hybride, du type comportant un organe de stockage de puissance (10) et un organe de stockage d'énergie (11), ledit organe de stockage de puissance (10) étant destiné à alimenter un moyen de traction électrique (13) dudit véhicule, ledit véhicule étant pourvu d'un réseau électrique de bord (14) auquel sont branchés au moins un équipement fournisseur d'énergie électrique (15b) et au moins un équipement consommateur d'énergie électrique (15a).Selon l'invention, il comporte en outre un dispositif d'échange d'énergie (20) qui est prévu pour permettre des transferts de puissance entre, l'organe de stockage de puissance (10), l'organe de stockage d'énergie (11) et les équipements électriques branchés (15a et 15b) sur le réseau électrique de bord (14).
id-JP2009166723A    abstract-【課題】駆動効率を高め、構成の単純化、小型化および軽量化を図れる動力装置を提供する。 【解決手段】動力装置1は、第１出力部3aを有する原動機3と、第１ステータ12と第１ロータ11と第２ロータ13の間で、第１回転磁界の発生に伴って形成される磁気回路を介して、エネルギを入出力し、それに伴い、第１回転磁界、第２ロータ13および第１ロータ11が、互いの間に回転数の共線関係を保ちながら回転する第１回転機10と、第２ステータ22と第３ロータ21と第４ロータ23の間で、第２回転磁界の発生に伴って形成される磁気回路を介して、エネルギを入出力し、それに伴って、第２回転磁界、第４ロータ23および第３ロータ21が、互いの間に回転数の共線関係を保ちながら回転する第２回転機20と、を備え、第１および第３のロータ11,21が、第１出力部3aに連結されるとともに、第２および第４のロータ13,23がそれぞれ、左右の被駆動部WFL,WFRに連結されている。 【選択図】  図２
id-EP2080662A1    abstract-Provided is a DC/DC converter apparatus comprising a plurality of switching devices and suitable for directly coupling two electric power devices. In direct couple control that directly couples a fuel cell (22) and motor (26) with a battery (24) without executing voltage-decreasing chopper control or voltage-increasing chopper control, rotation switching is performed, i.e. the converter controller (54) outputs drive signals (UH, VH, WH) of 100% duty ratio to each of upper arm devices (81u, 81v, 81w) in rotation. Thus, heat generation is prevented from concentrating on a particular upper arm device (81), compared to the case where the drive signals (UH, VH, WH) are continuously output to all upper arm devices (UH, VH, WH).
id-US8011461B2    abstract-This invention relates to a parallel hybrid electric conversion kit for a vehicle with an internal combustion engine, a driveshaft and a transmission, such as, rear wheel drive vehicles, four-wheel drive vehicles, heavy duty multiple-driven-axle vehicles and/or all-wheel drive vehicles. The conversion kit includes a motor-generator, a torque coupler, a battery, a power electronics module and a controller. Suitable torque couplers include transfer cases and/or rear-through differentials. The conversion kit provides an aftermarket solution to increased performance, fuel economy and/or reduced emissions by modifying the drivetrain after the transmission. According to one embodiment of this invention, the control scheme of the installed conversion kit receives input signals from the engine and the motor-generator, but only sends control signals to the motor-generator, facilitating installation of the conversion kit.
id-CN102099217B    abstract-在此描述混合-电动车辆且其包括：电动马达、至少一个蓄电池组、至少一个电容器组、至少一个发电机、至少一个发动机、及控制器，其中该控制器与该至少一个蓄电池组、该至少一个电容器组及该至少一个发动机联接。还公开了动力系统，其中该动力系统包括：至少一个蓄电池组、至少一个电容器组、至少一个发电机、及控制器，其中该控制器与该至少一个蓄电池组、该至少一个电容器组及该至少一个发电机联接。此外，公开经修改的变速箱，其包括：周转式滚轮布置及与输出轴联接的控制机构。
id-US8332090B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle and a method for operating a hybrid vehicle are provided, the vehicle including at least a first drive unit and a second drive unit coupled to the first drive unit, wherein the second driving unit recovers kinetic energy during braking the hybrid vehicle, a transmission unit which can be coupled to the first and/or second drive unit and a drive axle. It is proposed to change the transmission ratio of the transmission unit depending on a desired amount of energy recovered by the second drive unit during regenerative braking or a predetermined time period before the anticipated start of regenerative braking.
id-JP5367276B2    abstract-
id-CA2621599A1    abstract-Electric in-wheel motors to date are made by installing a typical electric motor on a wheel. The said motor includes the stator, rotor and tire rim connected together by a sealed bearing. In this invention the motor bearing is eliminated and the stator and rotor are attached to separate rims: the rotor rim is sandwiched between the tire rim and the brake, and the stator rim is sandwiched between the suspension frame and the brake. In this way the installation and construction of the motor is simplified by using the existing bearing of the wheel. The stator, being the fixed part of the motor containing the coils is sealed separately from the rotor containing the magnets.   The motor is designed on an open and simple architecture that eliminates bearings, bearing seals, cooling liquid access thru the bearing core, and allows for a simple method of heat dissipation.
id-FR2927869A1    abstract-Système de commande de freinage pour véhicule automobile, du type comprenant un groupe motopropulseur avant (1), comprenant au moins une machine électrique, relié à un train de roues avant (3a,3b), un groupe motopropulseur arrière (2), comprenant au moins une machine électrique, relié à un train de roues arrière (4a,4b), un dispositif de freinage par friction (5a,5b,6a,6b) pour chacune des roues du véhicule piloté par un moyen de commande (11), des capteurs (7), une unité de commande électronique (UCE).Le système de commande comprend un moyen de répartition (25) de la requête de freinage, un moyen de répartition (24) du freinage récupératif et un moyen de répartition (26) de la requête de freinage entre les trains avant et arrière, le système de commande étant apte à répartir la requête de freinage entre les dispositifs de freinage par friction et les machines électriques des groupes motopropulseurs utilisées en dispositifs de freinage récupératif, à déterminer une plage de valeurs de répartition du freinage récupératif entre les trains avant et arrière en fonction de consignes de freinage par friction.
id-JP2009201208A    abstract-【課題】移動車両電源装置の回生電力を吸収する手段として、電力変換部と並列に電気二重層キャパシタを接続すると、バッテリーに比してキャパシタの抵抗が大きいことから、バッテリー電流のピーク値が大きくなりバッテリーの寿命に悪影響を与えている。 【解決手段】バッテリー電圧を検出して微分する。この微分信号と電気二重層キャパシタに対する所望キャパシタ電流実現のための係数との乗算を行って電流指令を生成する。この電流指令とチョッパーを流れる検出電流との差信号を求め、この差信号に応じたゲート信号にてチョッパーを制御することで、電気二重層キャパシタ容量を小くし、大容量のキャパシタを接続したと等価な制御を可能とした。 【選択図】  図１
id-JP5136104B2    abstract-
id-KR101131088B1    abstract-본 발명은 회생 제동 시스템에 관한 것으로, 본 발명의 목적은 차량의 코너링 제동 시 횡가속도 계측값에 따라 회생 제동 수행 여부 및 최대 회생제동량을 적절하게 제한함으로써 차량의 동적 상태를 안정화시킬 수 있는 회생 제동 시스템의 제어방법을 제공함에 있다.      이를 위해 본 발명은 차량의 횡가속도 계측값을 측정하고, 측정된 횡가속도 계측값을 이용하여 차량이 코너링 제동하는지 판단하고, 차량이 코너링 제동할 경우, 측정된 횡가속도 계측값이 미리 설정된 제1 횡가속도값보다 크고 제2 횡가속도값보다 작을 경우에는 미리 설정된 최대 회생 제동량을 소정의 최대 회생 제동량으로 제한하며, 측정된 횡가속도 계측값이 제2 횡가속도값보다 클 경우에는 회생제동 수행을 중지하도록 한다.
id-KR20090090075A    abstract-본 발명은 전자제어 브레이크 및 그 제어방법에 관한 것으로, 보다 구체적으로 ESP 등과 같은 차량 안정성 장치에 의한 유압제어 필요 시, 각 제어 휠(Wheel)의 압력을 최저 압력 이상으로 유지함으로써 전자 제어 브레이크의 회생제동 등 유압제어에 의해 발생될 수 있는 유압 상승 지연을 최소화할 수 있는 전자제어 브레이크의 제어방법에 관한 것이다.      본 발명에 따른 전자제어 브레이크는 차량의 요우레이트를 검출하는 요우레이트센서; 상기 차량의 횡가속도를 검출하는 횡가속도 센서; 상기 요우레이트를 미리 설정된 유효범위와 비교하고, 상기 횡가속도를 미리 설정된 설정값과 비교하여 휠압력을 제어하는 제어부를 포함한다.
id-US8368273B2    abstract-A rotary electric machine includes a stator having stator windings; and a rotor rotatably disposed in the stator, said rotor having a rotor core provided with a plurality of magnets and a plurality of magnetic auxiliary salient poles formed between poles of the magnets. In this rotary electric machine: a magnetic air gap is provided in an axial direction of the rotor in a position shifted in a circumferential direction from a q axis passing through a center of the magnetic auxiliary salient pole within the magnetic auxiliary salient pole; and an amount of shifting the magnetic air gap from the q axis in the circumferential direction differs according to a position of the magnetic air gap in the axial direction so as to cancel torque pulsation in energization caused due to the magnetic air gap.
id-US8590653B2    abstract-The present invention is directed to an energy storage system comprised of a heat block having a relatively high specific energy capacity. The heat block can be used, for example, with a regenerative braking system for gas turbine powered vehicles to improve fuel efficiency.
id-US8360186B2    abstract-An in-wheel motor drive device ( 21 ) includes a motor part A, a reducer part B, a wheel hub C, and a reducer part lubricating mechanism to supply a lubricant oil to the reducer part. The reducer part lubricating mechanism includes a lubricant oil path ( 25   c ), a lubricant oil supply port ( 25   d ), a lubricant oil discharge port ( 22   b ), a circulation oil path ( 45 ) passing through a casing ( 22 ) to connect the lubricant oil discharge port ( 22   b ) to the lubricant oil path ( 25   c ), and to return the lubricant oil discharged from the lubricant oil discharge port ( 22   b ) to the lubricant oil path ( 25   c ), a cooling water path ( 22   e ) provided in the casing ( 22 ) so as to be in contact with the circulation oil path ( 45 ) to cool down the lubricant oil passing through the circulation oil path ( 45 ), and a partition member ( 49 ) arranged in a contact position between the circulation oil path ( 45 ) and the cooling water path ( 22   e ), to separate them.
id-US8033955B2    abstract-A method for regulating the speed at which an electric vehicle descends a hill includes determining a position of a shift lever and determining if the vehicle accelerator and/or the vehicle brake are depressed. If the vehicle is in either drive or reverse and neither the vehicle accelerator nor the vehicle brake is depressed, a change in the motor speed is determined based on the current motor speed and a reference motor speed. The current braking assist is then adjusted based on the change in the motor speed such that the motor speed, and therefore the speed of the electric vehicle, remains constant as the vehicle descends the hill.
id-US8091677B2    abstract-A powertrain for propelling a hybrid vehicle includes a front drivetrain, for driving a pair of front wheels, and a rear drivetrain, for driving a first and a second rear wheel, to propel the hybrid vehicle. First and second rear drive motors are operatively connected to the rear wheels to propel the hybrid vehicle. Energy is transmitted from an energy storage device to power and operate each of the first and second rear drive motors. Likewise, during regenerative braking, energy is transmitted from each of the rear drive motors to recharge the energy storage device. The first rear drive motor is operated independent of the second rear drive motor to transmit torque to vector torque between each of the rear wheels and control dynamics of the hybrid vehicle.
id-US8206263B2    abstract-In order to attain a stable traction control regardless of an inertia change in a driving system, when a driving force transmitted from driving wheels to a road surface is lowered by a certain quantity by torque control, the driving force is lowered according to a transmission torque capacity of a clutch element for connecting and disconnecting a power source and the driving wheels.
id-US8040010B2    abstract-The present invention comprises a stator, and a rotor which is disposed oppositely to the stator with a gap interposed. The stator comprises a stator core, and a distributed stator winding mounted to the stator core. The stator core comprises a ring-like yoke core, and a plurality of teeth cores which protrude from the yoke core in the radial direction. The rotor comprises a rotor core, and a plurality of permanent magnets embedded in the rotor core. A pair of non-magnetic portions is created inside the rotor core and on both sides of the circumferential width of a permanent magnet for one magnetic pole. In the rotor core located on the stator side of the pair of non-magnetic portions, a pair of magnetic paths is created as the result of the creation of the pair of non-magnetic portions. Furthermore, a groove or hole is created on the outer circumferential portion of the rotor core and between the adjacent magnetic poles.
id-US7949443B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, there is provided an electric-vehicle driving apparatus which consumes regenerative energy by a brake resistor and can decrease harmonic components generated by a brake-chopper switching circuit. Plural brake-chopper switching circuits are provided in parallel for each inverter. Harmonic components generated by the brake-chopper switching circuits are decreased by changing phases or frequencies of triangular carrier waves of the switching circuits, relatively to each other.
id-US8253359B2    abstract-A control system includes an electric rotating machine; a driving circuit that is connected to a DC power supply, the driving circuit includes a frequency conversion unit configured such that, when the electric rotating machine is to be driven in a power running mode, the frequency conversion unit converts an output of the DC power supply into AC electric power, and when the electric rotating machine is to be driven in a regenerative operation mode, the frequency conversion unit converts an output of the electric rotating machine into DC electric power; and a control unit that controls the driving circuit, wherein the control unit judges whether a connection between the DC power supply and the driving circuit is being maintained, and is configured such that, when the connection is not being maintained, regenerative electric power generated by the electric rotating machine is reduced by controlling the driving circuit.
id-DE102008000777A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Fahrzeugverteilergetriebe (1), welches mindestens ein Eingangselement (13) zum Antrieb des Fahrzeugverteilergetriebes (1), eine erste ausgangswelle (14) für einen ersten Abtrieb (5) von dem Fahrzeugverteilergetriebe (1), eine zweite Ausgangswelle (15) für einen zweiten Abtrieb (7) von dem Fahrzeugverteilergetriebe (1) umfasst sowie in einem Gehäuse (4) angeordnete Mittel zur Erzeugung von mindestens zwei schaltbaren Übersetzungen zwischen dem Eingangselement (13) und dem ersten und zweiten Abtrieb (5, 7) und zur schaltbaren Kopplung des ersten Abtriebs (5) mit dem zweiten Abtrieb (7). Die Mittel umfassen dabei mindestens einen Planetensatz (16), welcher mindestens aus den Elementen Sonnenrad (16a), Planetenrad (16b), Hohlrad (16c) und Planetenträger (16d) besteht, sowie eine Bremse (B), eine erste Kupplung (K1) und eine zweite Kupplung (K2), wobei das Eingangselement (13) ein erstes Element des Planetensatzes (16) ist. Zur Kopplung des ersten Abtriebs (5) mit dem zweiten Abtrieb (7) ist die erste Ausgangswelle (14) mit der zweiten Ausgangswelle (15) mittels der ersten Kupplung (K1) lösbar verbindbar, wobei erfindungsgemäß die Mittel zudem ein Zwischenelement (17) umfassen, welches mit einem zweiten Element des Planetensatzes (16) unlösbar verbunden ist. Das Zwischenelement (17) ist mittels der Bremse (B) mit dem Gehäuse (4) lösbar verbindbar und mittels der zweiten Kupplung (K2) mit der zweiten Ausgangswelle (15) lösbar verbindbar, wobei die ...
id-JP2009220669A    abstract-【解決手段】ブレーキスイッチ３１によりブレーキ状態が検出されると、尾灯２２を相対的に速い速度で点滅させる。同時に、ブレーキスイッチ３１によりブレーキ状態が検出されると、インバータ１４を回生モードにし、モータ１８から得られる回生電力を尾灯２２の点滅電力に使用する。 【効果】バッテリー１１の電力を尾灯２２に供給し、ブレーキ時には尾灯２２を点滅させ、尾灯２２をブレーキランプとして活用するとともに、尾灯２２点滅によるバッテリー１１の電力消費が殆ど生じない電動自転車１０とすることができる。 【選択図】図２
id-DE102008000814A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Antriebsstrangs (1) eines Kraftfahrzeugs, wobei der Antriebsstrang (1) zumindest einen Hybridantrieb mit einem Verbrennungsmotor (2) und einem Elektromotor (3) sowie ein zwischen dem Hybridantrieb und einem Abtrieb (6) angeordnetes Getriebe (5) umfasst, wobei dann, wenn eine Bergabfahrt erkannt wird, ein Bremsmoment für den Antriebsstrang (1) ermittelt wird, welches erforderlich ist, um eine in etwa konstante Fahrgeschwindigkeit zu gewährleisten, und wobei abhängig vom ermittelten Bremsmoment vom Getriebe (5) eine Rückschaltung um mindestens eine Gangstufe ausgeführt wird. Erfindungsgemäß wird abhängig vom ermittelten Bremsmoment anstelle einer Rückschaltung oder zusätzlich zu einer Rückschaltung vom Elektromotor (3) des Hybridantriebs ein Schubmoment bereitgestellt.
id-JP2009219189A    abstract-【課題】前後輪の一方をエンジンで駆動し且つ他方をモータで駆動可能とし、エンジンで駆動される発電機の交流電圧を整流し、それをインバータで変換してモータに交流電圧を付与する場合に、過電圧によるインバータスイッチング素子の損傷を抑制防止する。 【解決手段】モータ４のロールバック状態を検出したら、トルクを発生するｑ軸電流と共にトルクに寄与しないｄ軸電流が流れるように目標電機子電流を設定することにより、モータ４の回生による発電電力を消費して直流リンク電圧の増大を抑制防止し、もってインバータ１０のスイッチング素子の損傷を抑制防止することができる。モータ４がロールバック状態から力行に移行したときに当該力行に必要なトルクを発生するための発電量をロールバック状態時に増加するように発電機７の界磁電流を制御することにより、モータ４がロールバックから力行に移行したときのトルク不足を回避することができる。 【選択図】図１４
id-EP2105366A2    abstract-Dans un système de véhicule hybride qui comporte un stockeur électrique (11) et une machine électrique (53), le procédé de contrôle d'une charge électrique comprend une première étape pour déterminer une charge maximale admissible dans le stockeur électrique (11) pour permettre au stockeur électrique (11) d'absorber une charge supplémentaire liée à un état courant de fonctionnement du véhicule ; une deuxième étape pour déterminer une consigne de couple à appliquer à la machine électrique (53) de façon à atteindre ladite charge maximale admissible ; une troisième étape pour appliquer ladite consigne de couple à la machine électrique (53).
id-US8392030B2    abstract-A device and system that can dynamically provide variable load on a generator and intelligently distribute generated power to loads and energy storage devices is disclosed. One system includes load profile controllers that employ a switching strategy to dynamically vary the load the generator induces while producing regenerative energy. This switching strategy may allow for a wide dynamic range of configurable damping characteristics, as well as decouple generator damping and the system output power. Multiple load profile controllers can be used together via a communications network, such as a vehicle controller area network (CAN) bus. A central regeneration controller or existing electronic control unit (ECU) can issue commands to change damping performance in different load profile controllers. By networking multiple load profile controllers together in either a distributed or centralized manner, the system may allow for intelligent power routing, coordination of multiple energy-generating devices (such as regenerative shocks and brakes), and improved utilization of on-board energy storage devices.
id-US8798875B2    abstract-A working machine includes: a first electric motor used for work; a second electric motor used for applications other than work; a first inverter circuit connected to the first electric motor; a second inverter circuit connected to the second electric motor; a battery connected to the first and second inverter circuits; and a control unit that drives the first and second inverter circuits. The control unit has a discharge mode to discharge electric power stored in the battery, and discharges the battery by stopping the first inverter circuit while driving the second inverter circuit in order to make the second electric motor perform electric operation in the discharge mode. Accordingly, since the state of charge is reduced, the life of a capacitor can be increased.
id-US20090267348A1    abstract-A system for generating energy using the rotating wheels of a vehicle and for collecting such energy is provided. An alternative system for powering vehicle engines using relatively inexpensive fuel sources is also provided.
id-JP2009248822A    abstract-【課題】蓄電装置の不要な蓄電及び放電を行うことなく、ＥＶモードでの走行可能距離を必要に応じて長距離化可能な蓄電量制御装置を提供する。 【解決手段】充電量制御装置７０は、ハイブリッド車両のＥＶモードでの走行開始前に、ＥＶモード航続要求距離を取得し、取得した要求走行距離に基づき目標充電量を算出する目標充電量算出部７１を備える。また、充電量制御装置７０は、ハイブリッド車両のＥＶモードでの走行開始前に、高圧バッテリ３０の充電量が目標充電量となるように充電制御する充電制御部７３及び走行制御部７４を備える。これにより、ＥＶモード航続要求距離が長い場合であっても、その長い要求走行距離を走行することができるだけの必要十分な充電量が事前に高圧バッテリ３０に蓄電されるようになり、ハイブリッド車両は、ＥＶモードにて要求走行距離を走行することができるようになる。 【選択図】図１
id-DE102008019974B4    abstract-Radfelgeninnenraum für Kraftfahrzeugräder, in dem Bauteile eines Fahrwerks, eine Radführung, eine Radaufhängung, eine Radlenkung, ein Elektromotor als Antrieb und eine Kühlung sowie mechanische, hydraulische und elektrische Komponenten untergebracht sind und diese Komponenten gegen Schmutzwasser, Schlamm, Steine, Sand und Staub geschützt sind, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass die Abdichtung erfolgt a) zwischen einem Stator (11) und einem Rotor (2) des Elektromotors mit einer geschützten Radialdichtung in Form einer Gleitringdichtung (3, 24), b) zwischen Stator (11) und einer hohlen leitungsführenden Fahrwerksbefestigung oder dem Fahrzeugrahmen mit einem elastischen Dichtungsbalg (26) aus hochelastischen und hochreißfesten gegen Umwelteinflüsse beständigen Material und c) zwischen dem Rotor (2) des Elektromotors und der Nabe (5) der Radlagerung mittels wasserdichter Scheibe (4).
id-US20090256514A1    abstract-A power system having a DC electric motor is disclosed. The DC electric motor may include an armature and a field coil electrically connected in series with the armature, the field coil having an input and an output. The power system may also include an additional electrical path. Additionally, the power system may include one or more current-control elements that control one or more aspects of electrical activity in the additional electrical path, which may include, when inductance of the field coil generates a higher voltage at the output than at the input in response to a decrease in electric current through the field coil, allowing electric current to flow from the output, through the additional electrical path, to the input without flowing through the armature.
id-KR20090109604A    abstract-본 발명은 연료전지차량의 회생제동시 과다한 역기전력을 차단하여 인버터 등 모터 제어와 관련한 부품들이 손상되는 것을 막아주는 방법에 관한 것이다.       본 발명은 연료전지차량의 회생제동시 역기전력을 차단하는데 있어 기존의 감속기와 브레이킹 레지스터 대신에 변속기를 적용하여 회생제동 과다시 변속기 중립기어를 사용하도록 제어함으로써, 별도의 부품 추가없이도 회생제동시의 과다한 역기전력을 효과적으로 차단할 수 있는 연료전지차량의 회생제동시 부품 보호방법을 제공한다.       본 발명에서 제공하는 부품 보호방법을 적용하면 우선, 브레이킹 레지스터라는 부품을 삭제할 수 있고, 이와 관련하여 수냉루프 내 압력 강하 및 소비 전력, 라디에이터 열부하를 감소시킬 수 있는 한편, 패키지 측면에서도 냉각루프가 줄어들게 되므로 유리하고, 감속비 변화로 차량 최고 속도를 증가시킬 수 있다.              연료전지차량, 회생제동, 역기전력, 배터리, 슈퍼캡, 브레이킹 레지스터, 변속기
id-KR20090110673A    abstract-본 발명은 하이브리드 차량에서 모터의 회전수를 제한 제어하여 변속기를 보호하는 것으로,      모터의 동작이 회생재생 모드 혹은 역토크 모드인지 판단하는 과정, 모터가 회생재생 모드 혹은 역토크 모드이면 차속에 따른 제한 속도를 추출하는 과정, 모터 속도를 제한 속도 이상으로 제어하는 과정을 포함한다.             하이브리드 차량, 역토크, 모터 속도 제한, 정지전 제어
id-FR2929573A1    abstract-Système de commande d'un groupe motopropulseur (1) du type comprenant au moins deux machines électriques (E1,E2) reliées mécaniquement à une transmission infiniment variable (IVT) elle-même reliée à des roues motrices, les deux machines électriques (E1,E2) étant connectées par ailleurs à un élément de stockage électrique (BAT), et un moyen (15) de génération des consignes,Le système de commande comprend un moyen (2) d'estimation de la puissance mécanique, un moyen (11) d'estimation du couple résistant à la roue et un moyen (6) de calcul des couples des machines électriques,le moyen (6) de calcul des couples des machines électriques étant apte à déterminer les couples des machines électriques (E1,E2) en fonction des signaux provenant du générateur de consignes (15) et d'une estimation de la puissance disponible dans le moyen de stockage électrique (BAT) tenant compte des pertes électriques, d'une estimation du couple résistant à la roue, et d'une estimation des régimes de rotations des machines électriques.
id-CN101590816B    abstract-本发明涉及一种铁路车辆系统。即便被分散搭载于多个车辆上的蓄电装置的蓄电介质的种类、新旧、蓄电容量等特性不同，也能单独控制各蓄电装置的充放电电流，能使蓄电装置的更换周期相等和长周期化以及减少蓄电装置的更换作业。在被分散搭载于多个车辆上的蓄电装置与使驱动逆变装置的电力在车辆间共用的电力线之间设置电流控制装置，单独控制各个蓄电装置的充放电电流，被分散搭载于多个车辆上的各蓄电装置中的特定的一个蓄电装置控制电流控制装置，以使用于在车辆间共用驱动逆变装置的电力的电力线的电压值保持一定，其余蓄电装置的每个控制电流控制装置以减小和增大充放电功率或电流，从而减小蓄电介质的劣化指数的差异，而且，特定的一个蓄电装置选择蓄电介质的劣化指数最接近其平均值的蓄电装置。
id-US8145374B2    abstract-A method for dynamically controlling rollback in an electric vehicle having a motor for providing motive power to the electric vehicle and a shift lever for selecting either forward or reverse motion of the vehicle includes determining if the electric vehicle is moving in a direction opposite the direction of motion indicated by the shift lever. If the vehicle is moving in a direction opposite the direction indicated by the shift lever, the rollback acceleration of the vehicle is calculated. A power request for driving the electric motor is then determined such that the rollback of the vehicle is controlled. The determined power request is then applied to the electric motor thereby driving the electric motor and dynamically controlling the rollback.
id-US20110125354A1    abstract-A method for regulating a drag torque of a motor vehicle driven by an electric motor, a regulating device influencing the drag torque in response to a corresponding change in the setting of the accelerator, a sensor device sensing a tire on a roadway surface on which the motor vehicle is located, and providing this to a computing device, whereupon the computing device causes the regulating device to adjust the drag torque as a function of the coefficient of friction. The present invention also relates to a device having means suitable for carrying out such a method.
id-DE102008001900A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zur Optimierung der Bremsvorgänge bei einem Hybridfahrzeug, umfassend eine Elektromaschine und einen an die Elektromaschine angeschlossenen Energiespeicher, vorgeschlagen, im Rahmen dessen für den Fall, dass der Energiespeicher des Fahrzeugs geladen ist oder der Ladezustand des Energiespeichers eine vorgegebene Grenze überschritten hat, die Rekuperationsenergie des Fahrzeugs über elektrische Widerstände in Wärme umgewandelt wird.
id-KR20090123182A    abstract-본 발명은 더블 클러치 변속기를 구비한 하이브리드 전기 자동차에서 주행중 회생제동시 모터의 효율을 고려하여 최적의 변속단으로 변속을 실시한 다음 회생제동을 실시함으로써, 차량의 연비를 증대시킬 수 있도록 하는 데 그 목적이 있다.      전술한 목적을 달성하기 위한 본 발명은, 회생제동 요구시 요구 제동력을 산출하는 단계, 상기 단계에서 산출된 요구 제동력과 현재 배터리의 충전상태로부터 요구 회생 제동력을 산출하는 단계, 상기 단계에서 산출된 요구 회생 제동력이 모터의 최적 효율영역에 수렴하는 지를 판단하는 단계, 상기 단계에서 요구 회생 제동력이 모터의 최적 효율영역에 수렴하면 현재의 변속단에서 회생제동을 실시하고, 수렴하지 않으면 요구 회생 제동력이 모터의 최적 효율영역에 수렴할 수 있는 최적 변속비로 변속을 실시한 다음 회생제동을 실시하는 단계를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.             하이브리드, 더블 클러치 변속기, 회생, 제동, 효율, 연비
id-JP2009273295A    abstract-【課題】熱機関および回転機を動力源とする場合において、回転機のトルクリップルおよびコギングトルクを低減することができ、それにより、商品性を向上させることができる動力装置を提供することを目的とする。 【解決手段】動力装置1では、第1電気モータ10が、電機子列をステータ16と、永久磁石列を有する第1ロータ14と、軟磁性体列を有する第2ロータ15などを備えており、ロータ14は前輪4に連結され、ロータ15はエンジン3に連結されている。第1電気モータ10は、3組の電動機構造において、電機子17〜19に発生する磁極と永久磁石列の磁極との間の電気角の位相が、回転方向に対して電気角2π/3ずつずれるように制御されるとともに、電機子17〜19に発生する磁極と軟磁性体列の軟磁性体コアとの間の電気角の位相が、回転方向に対して電気角π/3ずつずれるように制御される。 【選択図】図１１
id-DE102008023291A1    abstract-Erfindungsgemäß wird ein elektrisches Leichtfahrzeug bereitgestellt. In diesem ist eine Brennstoffzelle zum Erzeugen einer ersten Spannung vorgesehen. An diese erste Spannung ist eine Reihenschaltung von Akkumulatoren mit mindestens einem ersten Akkumulator und einem zweiten Akkumulator angeschlossen. Ein Übertrager weist einen magnetisierbaren Kern auf, wobei unter magnetisierbar verstanden wird, dass die magnetische Feldstärke dieses Kerns verändert werden kann. Der Übertrager weist zudem eine Primärspule, eine erste Sekundärspule und ein zweite Sekundärspule auf. Die erste Primärspule ist schaltbar an die erste Spannung anschließbar. Ein erster Sekundärschalter ist zum Parallelschalten der ersten Sekundärspule mit dem ersten Akkumulator vorgesehen. Das elektrische Antriebssystem weist ferner einen zweiten Sekundärschalter zum Parallelschalten der zweiten Sekundärspule mit dem zweiten Akkumulator auf. Der erste Sekundärschalter und der zweite Sekundärschalter sind unabhängig voneinander schaltbar.
id-KR20090118712A    abstract-본 발명은 모터를 통해 방전된 배터리를 상기 모터에서 발생된 역기전력을 DC/DC 컨버터로 DC/DC 변환을 수행하여 상기 배터리를 충전하는 회생 제동 장치 및 그 제어 방법에 관한 것이다.      본 발명에 따른 회생 제동 장치는 충전이 가능한 배터리; 가속시 상기 배터리로부터 전원을 공급받아 구동되며, 제동시 역기전력을 발생시키는 모터; 상기 역기전력에 대한 DC/DC 변환을 수행하여 상기 배터리를 충전하는 DC/DC 컨버터; 및 가속 신호 및 제동 신호에 따라 상기 모터 및 상기 DC/DC 컨버터를 제어하는 제어부를 포함한다.
id-DE102008023292A1    abstract-Erfindungsgemäß wird ein elektrisches Antriebssystem für ein Fahrzeug bereitgestellt. In diesem ist eine Brennstoffzelle zum Erzeugen einer ersten Spannung vorgesehen. An diese erste Spannung ist eine Reihenschaltung von Akkumulatoren mit mindestens einem ersten Akkumulator und einem zweiten Akkumulator angeschlossen. Ein Übertrager weist einen magnetisierbaren Kern auf, wobei unter magnetisierbar verstanden wird, dass die magnetische Feldstärke dieses Kerns verändert werden kann. Der Übertrager weist zudem eine Primärspule, eine erste Sekundärspule und eine zweite Sekundärspule auf. Die erste Primärspule ist schaltbar an die erste Spannung anschließbar. Ein erster Sekundärschalter ist zum Parallelschalten der ersten Sekundärspule mit dem ersten Akkumulator vorgesehen. Das elektrische Antriebssystem weist ferner einen zweiten Sekundärschalter zum Parallelschalten der zweiten Sekundärspule mit dem zweiten Akkumulator auf. Der erste Sekundärschalter und der zweite Sekundärschalter sind unabhängig voneinander schaltbar.
id-KR20090119485A    abstract-본 발명은 전동 브레이크 시스템인 EMB(Electro Mechanical Brake)를 이용한 회생 제동 구현과 더불어, 제동 시 발생되는 모드 변환을 신속하게 구현할 수 있는데, 이를 위해 EMB를 제어하는 ECU는 회생 제동(Regenerative Brake)과 일반 브레이크가 작동하지 않는 모드 구간과, 일반적인 회생 제동(Regenerative Brake) 모드 구간 및 회생 제동 모드 변속 구간과 일반 브레이크 작동 모드 구간 등으로 구별되어진 제어 로직을 구현하고, 특히 회생 제동 모드 변속 구간 제어 시회생/일반 제동이 동시에 구현되는 듀얼(Dual) 모드와, 일반 제동 만 구현되는 싱글(Single)모드로 구별되는 모드 전환 즉, Dual <-> Single 시에는 모드 간 응답성 차이로 인한 제동력 리플(Ripple) 현상이 일어나지 않고 빠른 응답성을 확보할 수 있도록, 모드 전환에 따라 EMB 목표 값 보완 계수(Kp)를 적용해 산출된 EMB의 목표 회생 제동력(Target Regenerative Braking Force)으로 제동을 구현하는 특징이 있게 된다.             브레이크, 모드전환, 회생제동
id-WO2009144112A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Vorrichtung zur Steuerung eines Generators, insbesondere Starter-Generator, eines Kraftfahrzeugs, bei dem mittels eines Steuergerätes die jeweilige Betriebsphase des Generators steuerbar ist. Es ist vorgesehen, dass eine Begrenzung der Leistung des Generators, der durch eine externe Vorgabe Erregungsphasen und Entregungsphasen erfährt, während der Erregungsphase des Generators erfolgt. Ferner betrifft die Erfindung einen Generator mit einer entsprechenden Vorrichtung sowie ein entsprechendes Verfahren.
id-JP5136205B2    abstract-
id-KR20080059353A    abstract-본 특허는 전철 및 철도 운행중 버려지는 운동에너지 활용 시스템에 관한 것으로, 전철 및 철도 차량이 역구내에 진입하기 위해서는 가속장치는 정지 한 상태에서 감속장치를 작동하여 차량이 역구내에 진입 할것으로 본다.      전철 및 철도 차량의 가속력은 차량의 중량 및 속도,가속도에 비례하지만 , 가속장치를 정지한 상태에서도 가속도에 의한 가속력으로 상당한 거리를 이동하게 된다.      본 특허는 전철 및 철도 차량이 역내에 진입할 때, 가속장치를 정지하고 감속 장치를 동작하여 역내로 들어올때 가속력으로 만들어져 버려지는 에너지를 재활용하고자 하는 시스템이다.      요즘 국내에는 전철 구간이 증가 하면서 역구내로 진입하는 전철 및 철도 차량의 역구내 진입 횟수 및 시간은 증가하고 있으며,그로 인해 버려지는 에너지는 굉장히 많을 것으로 사료되어 진다.      해서 본 특허를 활용한다면 버려지는 에너지자원 재활용의 좋은 본보기가 될수 있다고 본다.
id-CN101596871B    abstract-本发明提供一种进行间歇受电的车辆用控制装置，在电车线非配备区间使用配备于车上的蓄电装置所储存的能量进行行驶时，为了使系统有效地工作而以对蓄电装置充分地充电的方式进行管理，再者，为了确保蓄电装置的安全性、可信赖性，实现了蓄电量的管理方法、充放电量限制、充放电电流限制等保护方法的确立。在逆变器装置的直流侧具备断路器装置和蓄电装置，通过集电装置接受从电车线的直流电压的供给时，通过断路器装置在逆变器装置的输入侧与蓄电装置之间进行充放电并控制使蓄电装置的充电量保持为规定的值，从电车线分离并通过集电装置不能接受直流电压的供给时，通过断路器装置在逆变器装置的输入侧与蓄电装置之间进行充放电，控制使逆变器装置的直流侧输入电压保持为逆变器装置的能够工作的规定的范围。
id-US8400084B2    abstract-Provided is a regenerative switched reluctance motor driving system which allows a motor to have a reduced size and weight and an increased efficiency as well as improved energy recovery efficiency at the time of regenerative braking without using a neodymium magnet. Based on an angular position of a rotor in the motor, a constant current flip-flop circuit  2  renders two current paths alternately conductive so as to allow a rectangular-wave current having a width of an electrical angle of 180° to alternately flow in two coils in the motor  3 , and shifts the timing of rendering the two current paths alternately conductive, between when driving and when braking the motor  3 , by a time during which the rotor is rotated by an angle corresponding to an electrical angle of 180°. When driving the motor, a DC constant current power supply unit  1  discharges a DC power supply, while when braking the motor, it receives an input current through a negative terminal of the DC power supply, and outputs a DC current to the constant current flip-flop circuit  2 , and further outputs a DC current regenerated from the motor  3  through the constant current flip-flop circuit  2  to a positive terminal of, and thereby charges, the DC power supply.
id-US7687934B2    abstract-A method and system for using a secondary energy source with an electric or hybrid vehicle in a way that requires no interaction with the vehicle's on-board communications system or the vehicle's processors. The secondary energy source, which can be a battery pack or any energy storage device, can generally be charged at home or business using the 110 volt line. The energy from the secondary source can be metered into the system in a way that allows the primary battery state-of-charge to fluctuate normally. Most of the electrical energy propelling the vehicle can come from the secondary source. All of the regenerative energy from braking can go into the primary battery. A controller can control a regulator to regulate the amount of current flowing from the secondary source.
id-US8890464B2    abstract-A drive system for a grid blower of a vehicle is provided. The system includes: an electrical bus, a grid of resistive elements connected to the electrical bus, the grid of resistive elements configured to thermally dissipate electrical power generated from braking of the vehicle, the electrical power being transmitted on the electrical bus to the grid of resistive elements, an electrical power modulation device configured to modify electrical power received from at least one of the electrical bus and the grid of resistive elements, and a grid blower motor coupled to an output of the electrical power modulation device, wherein a speed of the grid blower motor varies based on the electrical power that has been modified by the electrical power modulation device.
id-JP5239541B2    abstract-
id-US20160257201A1    abstract-A system includes a grid coupled to an electrical bus; an electrical power modulation device coupled to the electrical bus that can output modified electrical power received from the electrical bus; a blower motor coupled to the electrical power modulation device that can receive the modified electrical power output and can provide a stream of air to affect a temperature of the grid, and a controller. A speed of the blower motor may be based at least in part on an amount of the modified electrical power. The controller can receive an operating parameter, and is responsive to that parameter by causing the electrical power modulation device to vary the amount of the modified electrical power. A blower motor speed may be controlled based at least in part on the operating parameter.
id-EP2130737B1    abstract-
id-JP4979639B2    abstract-
id-JP2010001945A    abstract-【課題】潤滑が不十分になりやすい長時間低速運転時であっても高所にあるモータ駆動ギヤ及びその近傍の要潤滑部位に潤滑油を確実に供給する。 【解決手段】潤滑油を封入されたケーシング内に駆動モータと、駆動モータの出力を伝達する駆動モータ軸２０とを設け、駆動モータ軸２０の下方に前輪用デフ１１を設け、駆動モータ軸２０と前輪用デフ１１のデフケース１１ａとの間に第１及び第２中間軸２３，２７を介して減速ギヤ対を設ける。減速ギヤ対として、駆動モータ軸２０上に第１駆動ギヤ２０ａ（モータ駆動ギヤ）を設け、第１中間軸２３上に第１駆動ギヤ２０ａと噛み合う第１被動ギヤ２３ａを設け、第２中間軸２７上に第２被動ギヤ２７ａを設け、これら第１及び第２被動ギヤ２３ａ，２７ａの下部を第１及び第２中間バッフル部材５２，５５でそれぞれ囲繞し、これら第１及び第２中間バッフル部材５２，５５に潤滑油を溜める。 【選択図】図１０
id-US8157034B2    abstract-A vehicle drive assembly is provided. The vehicle drive assembly includes an engine, a transmission operably coupled with the engine, an output shaft operably coupled with the transmission, a differential operably coupled with the output shaft, an axle shaft rotatably coupled to the differential, at least one wheel selectively coupled to the axle shaft via a rotatable axle stub, an electric wheel motor operably coupled to the at least one wheel via the rotatable axle stub, and a coupling device operably coupled with the electric wheel motor for selectively coupling the axle stub with the axle shaft.
id-KR100974544B1    abstract-본원발명은 전류 밸런싱 제어를 통해 제조사 및 용량에 관계 없이 서로 다른 특성의 캐패시터를 저장장치로서 동시에 사용할 수 있도록 하는 다중 저장 모듈의 전류밸런싱제어 기능을 구비한 전동선로의 회생전력 저장장치로서,      전동차의 제동시 발생되는 전력을 저장한 후 가선으로 공급하는 회생전력 저장모듈이 다중 결합구성되는 회생전력저장모듈부와; 상기 회생전력저장모듈부 각각의 저장부의 용량 특성에 따라 입출력 전력을 기 설정된 값으로 일정하게 유지하도록 상기 회생전력 저장모듈별 입출력 전류를 제어하는 전류밸런싱제어부;로 구성되어,      회생전력 저장장치에서 서로 다른 특성의 저장장치를 용이하게 부가할 수 있도록 함으로써 회생전력 저장장치의 용량 증설 및 유지보수를 용이하게 수행할 수 있도록 하는 효과를 제공한다.             회생전력, 다중 저장 모듈, 회생전력 저장모듈, 전류밸런싱
id-US20100012402A1    abstract-A rechargeable automobile electric power system and method for modifying a front-wheel drive automobile through installation of the system is disclosed. The system includes basic plug-in rechargeable electric drive power units, one that can run simultaneously with the gas motor to improve gas mileage. The second puts a one or two speed gear box between the electric motor and the wheel. This will allow the vehicle to run on rechargeable electric power in town and on the highway.
id-KR20090131734A    abstract-본 발명은 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동 제어 방법에 관한 것으로서, 연비/배기 성능 향상을 위해 차량 상태에 따른 부하를 적용하여 회생제동에너지를 극대화하고, 특히 차량 상태에 따른 부하를 학습하여 차량의 제어기 간에 통신이 원활하지 못한 경우에는 학습된 값을 사용하여 회생제동량을 조정하도록 함으로써 차량 제어 안정성 및 페일 세이프티(fail safety) 기능의 확보가 가능하도록 한 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동 제어 방법에 관한 것이다.           하이브리드, 회생제동, HCU, ECU, 모터, 부하 학습
id-JP2009293445A    abstract-【課題】ガソリンを含む燃料によるストイキ運転と、水素燃料によるリーンバーン運転とが行われるエンジン１において、水素を燃料としてリーンバーン運転されているときに、キャニスタ１５から吸気系に蒸発燃料のパージが行われても、エミッションが悪化しないようにする。 【解決手段】ガソリンを含む燃料によるストイキ運転時には、排気ガス中のＨＣ、ＣＯ及びＮＯｘを三元触媒２２によって浄化し、水素燃料によるリーンバーン運転時には、排気ガス中の蒸発燃料の吸気系へのパージに因る三元触媒２２では浄化されないＨＣをＨＣ吸着材に吸着させ、又は酸化触媒２３によって酸化浄化する。 【選択図】図１
id-JP2010000859A    abstract-【課題】前輪駆動のシリーズハイブリッド電気自動車において、コンパクトなレイアウトを実現する。 【解決手段】ハイブリッド電気自動車に車幅方向にエンジンを搭載し、このエンジンにジェネレータ５を連結する。ジェネレータ５を前輪用デフ１１の前方斜め上方に設け、駆動モータ３をジェネレータ５の後方斜め上方に設ける。このジェネレータ５から供給される電気エネルギを駆動モータ３で受け、駆動モータ３からの動力を前輪用デフ１１に伝えるように構成する。 【選択図】図５
id-JP2010000856A    abstract-【課題】ハイブリッド車両のパワーユニット搭載構造において、パワーユニットのマウント構造を簡略化する。 【解決手段】ジェネレータ及びモータを収容するケーシング４１を備える。ケーシング４１の上部に、マウント支持用のパワーユニット側マウント支持部材７０を取り付ける。パワーユニットＰを、ジェネレータ及びモータ側がエンジンルーム３におけるジェネレータ及びモータの車幅方向外側に配設された車体側部材３０ａ，３６にパワーユニット側マウント支持部材７０に支持されたマウント７を介して弾性支持する。 【選択図】図３
id-KR20090131917A    abstract-본 발명은 전기철도 차량의 회생 에너지 저장 시스템에 관한 것으로서, 전기철도 차량에 필요한 공급하는 판토그라프와, 상기 전기철도 차량에 동력을 공급하는 전동기와, 상기 판토그라프를 통해 전원이 공급되고, 상기 전동기에 공급되는 전압과 주파수를 제어하여 열차의 속도를 제어하도록 하는 전력변환장치와, 상기 전기철도 차량에 탑재되어 회생 제동에 의해 발생한 회생 전기에너지를 충전 또는 방전하는 에너지 저장장치와, 상기 에너지 저장장치의 작동을 제어하여 전기에너지와 운동에너지간의 변환 및 상기 회생 전기에너지의 충방전을 제어하는 제어장치를 포함한다.       본 발명에 따르면, 전기철도 차량의 회생 제동시에 발생하는 회생 에너지가 차량에 탑재되어 있는 에너지 저장장치에 공급되어 저장됨으로써 가선 전압의 변동 요인이 저감되는 것을 방지하면서 회생 실효도 감소시킬 수 있고, 전기철도 차량의 안정적인 회생 제동이 가능할 뿐만 아니라, 차량 역행시 저장된 회생 에너지를 차량 내 전동기에 공급하여 에너지를 절감할 수 있다.              전기철도 차량, 에너지 저장장치, 무가선, 가선, 에너지 저장매체
id-JP2009298369A    abstract-【課題】エンジン１によって駆動されるジェネレータ６と、該ジェネレータ６から電気エネルギを受けて車輪を駆動する駆動モータとを備えるハイブリッド電気自動車において、エンジン出力軸５とジェネレータ軸３１との連結構造の簡素化を図る。 【解決手段】エンジン出力軸５に連結されたフライホイール３３に、その内周部よりジェネレータ側へ軸方向に延びる円筒状延設部３６を設け、この円筒状延設部３６をジェネレータ軸３１にスプライン嵌合する。 【選択図】図４
id-JP5211874B2    abstract-
id-WO2009149534A1    abstract-A mobile distillation system comprising a first carriage movable through an environment, a second carriage mechanically connected to the first carriage and being mobile therewith, and a kinetic energy converter operatively connected to the mobile distillation system and being transported therewith to convert at least some of the kinetic energy of the moving distillation system into heating energy for a heater of the distillation system to thereby heat a distillable product.
id-US8373300B2    abstract-A power conversion apparatus capable of improving the impedance characteristics between each of two power modules and each of a plurality of capacitor cells, the power conversion apparatus including: plural capacitor cells connected in parallel between a three-layer laminated wiring board consisting of a positive polarity conductor board and a negative polarity conductor board formed widely in the direction of the parallel disposition of the power modules and laminated with an insulation sheet therebetween; a three-layer laminated conductor board consisting of a positive polarity conductor board and a negative polarity conductor board formed widely in the direction of the parallel direction of the power modules and laminated with an insulation sheet therebetween and used to connect the positive and negative polarity sides of each of the two power modules to the laminated wiring board respectively.
id-US8283796B2    abstract-A hybrid engine installation ( 200 ) includes drive element ( 204 ) suitable for driving a mechanical element (BTP, BTA) in rotation. In addition, the hybrid engine installation is remarkable in that it includes at least one gas turbine ( 253, 254 ) and at least one electric motor ( 201 ) mechanically linked to the drive element ( 204 ) to drive it in rotation.
id-EP2311683B1    abstract-
id-EP2309617B1    abstract-
id-US8295950B1    abstract-A refrigerated truck has a power management system for optimally distributing power between one or more energy sources, energy sinks, or energy storage components on the refrigerated truck. One such power consuming component includes a refrigeration unit that cools a refrigerated compartment of the refrigerated truck. Particularly with regard to this refrigeration unit, the power management system is operative to direct power from multiple power sources to the refrigeration unit so as to efficiently use available power. To do so, the power management system dynamically determines the availability of certain power sources and selects a preferred power source based on availability and a defined order of power source preference. For example, one defined order of power source preference may include, in order of preference upon availability, a shore power source, a truck engine generator drivingly connected to the refrigerated truck's engine, one or more auxiliary power sources, and a stand alone refrigerator unit engine.
id-US8232875B2    abstract-A degradation evaluating unit collects data related to a power storage device from a vehicle through a power cable, and based on the collected data, evaluates the state of degradation of the power storage device. A data processing unit reads data related to the state of degradation of the power storage device evaluated by degradation evaluating unit from a storage unit, and processes the read data related to the state of degradation to a first display item for a user, a second display item for a dealer and a third display item for a manufacturer. A display control unit controls display of the data processed by data processing unit on a display terminal.
id-JP5049218B2    abstract-
id-JP5268479B2    abstract-
id-US8818669B2    abstract-A regenerative braking method for a motor vehicle, in which the regenerative braking action is applied progressively, a rate of application of the braking action being dependent on a speed of the motor vehicle.
id-JP5279390B2    abstract-
id-JP2010023527A    abstract-【課題】内燃機関及び電動モータの少なくとも一方の駆動力により走行する車両において、車両運転開始時に熱源確保のために内燃機関を始動させることを抑制する。 【解決手段】車両１の外部に設置された外部電源３０の電源ライン３０Ｌを車両１に接続することで、ＭＧ１１（電動モータ）に電力供給する車載バッテリ２２が外部電源ライン３０Ｌから電力供給されて充電可能となる充電システムに適用させる。そして、ＨＶユニット２０（車載電動装置）及び電動圧縮機５１（車載電動装置）の少なくとも一方を作動させることで発生した熱を蓄える蓄熱タンク４０（蓄熱装置）を車両１に搭載し、外部電源３０と車両１とを接続しているプラグイン期間（外部電源接続期間）に、外部電源３０から供給される外部電力により車載電動装置２０，５１を作動させて蓄熱タンク４０に蓄熱させる。 【選択図】      図１
id-WO2010012613A1    abstract-Verfahren zum Abbremsen eines Hybridfahrzeugs (1), bei dem die im Rekuperationsbetrieb gewonnene elektrische Energie (32) zumindest teilweise und/oder zumindest zeitweise (26) wenigstens einer elektrischen Heizvorrichtung (8) zugeführt wird (28).
id-DE102009033953A1    abstract-Ein Fahrgeschwindigkeitsregelungssystem umfasst ein Geschwindigkeitsdifferenzmodul, das eine Fahrzeug-Istgeschwindigkeit mit einer Zielfahrgeschwindigkeit vergleicht, und ein Bremsmodul, das eine Bremse selektiv betätigt, wenn die Fahrzeug-Istgeschwindigkeit um eine vorbestimmte Geschwindigkeitsdifferenz größer als die Zielfahrgeschwindigkeit ist. Es wird auch ein zugehöriges Verfahren bereitgestellt, das umfasst, dass eine Fahrzeug-Istgeschwindigkeit mit einer Zielfahrgeschwindigkeit verglichen wird und eine Bremse selektiv betätigt wird, wenn die Fahrzeug-Istgeschwindigkeit um eine vorbestimmte Geschwindigkeitsdifferenz größer als die Zielfahrgeschwindigkeit ist. Das Verfahren umfasst, dass die Bremse auf der Grundlage eines negativen Antriebsdrehmoments eines Antriebsaggregats selektiv betätigt wird. Das Verfahren umfasst auch, dass eine Sollbremskraft auf der Grundlage der Fahrzeug-Istgeschwindigkeit und der Zielfahrgeschwindigkeit ermittelt wird und dass die Bremse betätigt wird, um eine Istbremskraft zu erzeugen, die kleiner oder gleich der Sollbremskraft ist.
id-KR20100003844A    abstract-본 발명은 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동시 모터 역회전 방지 방법에 관한 것으로서, 더욱 상세하게는 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동중에 자동변속기의 변속에 따른 모터 역토크가 발생하여 모터가 역회전하는 현상을 방지할 수 있도록 한 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동시 모터 역회전 방지 방법에 관한 것이다.      이를 위해, 본 발명은 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동이 이루어지는 단계와;  회생제동중, 낮은 단수로의 변속이 이루어지는지 여부를 감지하는 단계와;  회생제동중, 낮은 단수로의 변속이 이루어지면 자동변속기내의 클러치 유압을 보충해주는 단계;  를 통해, 모터 역토크에 의한 역회전을 방지할 수 있도록 한 것을 특징으로 하는 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동시 모터 역회전 방지 방법을 제공한다.           하이브리드, 차량, 모터, 역회전, 자동변속기, 회생제동, 변속, 클러치
id-JP2010028970A    abstract-【課題】容易且つ正確にブレーキレバーのストロークを調整することが可能な電動自転車を提供することを目的とする。 【解決手段】回生充電機能を備えた電動自転車であって、ブレーキ装置３７は、ブレーキ本体と、ブレーキレバー５０の操作に連動して切換えられるブレーキスイッチ５２とを有し、ブレーキレバー５０を操作していない開放位置Ａとブレーキ本体が作動する作動開始位置Ｂとの間の遊びの範囲Ｓ１内に、ブレーキスイッチ５２のオン・オフが切換えられるスイッチ切換位置Ｃが設定され、ブレーキスイッチ５２がオンに切換えられることで回生充電機能が働き、ブレーキレバー５０が操作されて開放位置Ａからスイッチ切換位置Ｃに達し、ブレーキスイッチ５２がオフからオンに切換えられると、バッテリーの残量表示灯とモード表示灯との輝度が増大する。 【選択図】図５
id-JP2010027328A    abstract-【課題】本発明の目的は、従来の制御とは異なる方法で、燃料電池の発電量を制御し、燃料電池の発熱による劣化を抑制することができる燃料電池システムを提供することにある。 【解決手段】本発明の燃料電池システムは、蓄電装置の許容残電力量上限値及び許容残電力量下限値を設定する充電状態制御手段と、燃料電池及び蓄電装置から負荷へ供給される電力の分配制御を行う電力分配制御手段と、を備え、発電により発熱する前記燃料電池の温度が、燃料電池の劣化温度以上となる場合、前記充電状態制御手段は、前記許容残電力量上限値と前記許容残電力量下限値との差が大きくなるように、前記許容残電力量上限値及び前記許容残電力量下限値のうち少なくともいずれか一方を補正し、前記電力分配制御手段は、前記燃料電池から負荷へ供給される電力を下げ、下げた分の電力だけ前記蓄電装置から負荷へ供給される電力を増大させる。 【選択図】なし
id-FR2934529A1    abstract-La présente invention concerne essentiellement un procédé de freinage électrique pour un véhicule, notamment un véhicule automobile hybride, équipé d'une chaîne de traction comprenant au moins un moteur électrique (3) relié à un stockeur électrique (1) par l'intermédiaire d'un variateur de vitesse (2), caractérisé en ce qu'il utilise le variateur de vitesse pour mettre le moteur électrique (3) dans un état de court-circuit ou de court-circuit partiel pour générer un frein moteur additionnel lorsqu'au moins un paramètre de l'état dudit stockeur électrique (1 ) indique qu'il est dans un état ne permettant plus d'accepter de charge électrique.
id-JP2010035332A    abstract-【課題】蓄電装置について出力可能電力の予測を行った後にさらなる放電が行われたときでも、必要な最大出力可能電力を確保できるようにすることである。 【解決手段】ハイブリッド車両制御システム１０の制御装置４０の蓄電装置出力予測部４２は、蓄電装置２２の現在の電圧値、電流値を取得する現在状態取得モジュール４４と、現在から所定時間経過のときまでに放電によって低下する蓄電装置２２の電圧低下値を取得する放電電圧低下値取得モジュール４６と、現在の電圧値と、現在から所定時間経過のときまでの電圧低下値と、蓄電装置２２の放電下限電圧と、蓄電装置２２の内部抵抗特性とに基き、現在から所定時間経過後のときにおける蓄電装置２２の最大放電可能電力値を算出する最大放電可能電力値算出モジュール４８を含んで構成される。 【選択図】図１
id-JP2010041736A    abstract-【課題】外部から加わる荷重に耐え得るモーターの保持性と、ハウジングへの振動伝達を原因とする電磁騒音の発生防止と、の両立を図ることができる車両用モーター取付け構造を提供すること。 【解決手段】ロータ４ａとステータ４ｂを有するモータージェネレータ４を、外周に配置されたハウジング２０に取り付ける車両用モーター取付け構造Ａ１において、モータージェネレータ４の外周を覆い、且つ、ステータ４ｂのステータコアと結合するモーターカバー２１と、ハウジング２０に対するモーターカバー２１の軸方向変位を弾性支持する弾性プレート片２８と、ハウジング２０に対するモーターカバー２１の径方向変位を弾性支持するガイドリング３１と、を有する手段とした。 【選択図】図２
id-FR2934215A1    abstract-Procédé de freinage récupératif d'un véhicule automobile, caractérisé en ce que l'intensité de l'action de freinage récupératif du véhicule automobile dépend de la vitesse du véhicule automobile.
id-DE102008032769A1    abstract-Verfahren zum Steuern eines Rekuperationsvorgangs in einem Kraftfahrzeug mit einer Brennkraftmaschine (10) und einer sowohl motorisch als auch generatorisch betreibbaren elektrischen Maschine (12), die in momentenadditiver Weise auf eine Getriebeingangswelle (14) eines Schaltgetriebes (16) wirden, dessen Getriebeausgangswelle (20) mit Rädern des Kraftfahrzeugs gekoppelt ist, wobei die Getriebeeingangswelle (14) infolge einer Bremsmomentanforderung (F) mit einem Generatormotoment (MG) der elektrischen Maschine (12) beaufschlagt wird und der Betrag des Generatormomentes (MG) in Abhängigkeit von der Stärke der Bremsmomentanforderung (F) sowie von der Gangeinstellung (i) gesteuert wird, wobei der Betrag des Generatormomentes (MG) innerhalb erster zeitlicher Intervalle (T1), die um Schaltvorgänge des Schaltgetriebes (16) liegen, mittels einer ersten Abhängigkeitsbeziehung (28) und innerhalb zweiter zeitlicher Intervalle (T2), die zwischen den Schaltvorgängen liegen, mittels einer zweiten Abhängigkeitsbeziehung (30) gesteuert wird.
id-FR2934528A1    abstract-Un système de gestion du couple exercé en traction et en freinage par une machine électrique (14) sur une roue (12) d'un véhicule est décrit qui comprend au moins un organe de commande (32, 33) d'un paramètre de conduite (accélération ou freinage) en fonction d'un niveau souhaité par le conducteur. En réponse à la commande de cet organe un dispositif (54) produit un signal de consigne de couple, dit conducteur, correspondant au niveau de couple souhaité par le conducteur. Un dispositif est prévu pour fournir une indication d'un autre paramètre affectant ou caractérisant la marche du véhicule. Un générateur de consigne de couple (110) permet de combiner ledit signal de consigne conducteur avec ladite indication d'un autre paramètre pour générer une consigne de couple résultante adaptée pour contrôler à chaque instant le couple exercé sur la roue par la ladite machine électrique. Selon une disposition, un dispositif (105) est prévu pour engendrer automatiquement un signal de consigne de couple de freinage électrique, dit véhicule, en fonction de cet autre paramètre. Le générateur de consigne de couple résultante (110) est apte à composer les consignes de couple conducteur et véhicule pour contrôler à chaque instant le couple exercé sur la roue par ladite machine électrique.
id-US8469463B2    abstract-[OBJECT] To provide a brake control apparatus and method for controlling the brake which is capable of preventing a fluctuation of a brake pedal stroke amount when switching a regenerative braking force to a hydraulic braking force.      [MEANS TO SOLVE] A brake control apparatus has a stroke simulator  39  into which a brake fluid that flows out of a master cylinder M/C by driver's braking operation is able to flow; a pipe  11  which connects the stroke simulator  39  and the master cylinder M/C; a gate-in valve  2  which is set on the pipe  11  and opens/closes the pipe  11 ; a pump P which pumps up the brake fluid flowing into the stroke simulator  39  from the master cylinder M/C and can increase a pressure of a wheel cylinder W/C that is provided for each wheel; an HU  31  which increases the wheel cylinder pressure by the brake fluid flowing into the stroke simulator  39  and pumped up by the pump P, together with at least the gate-in valve  2 ; and a regenerative brake unit which is provided separately from the HU  31  and produces a regenerative braking force for the wheel.
id-US9403534B2    abstract-In a method for operating a hybrid drive device of a motor vehicle, which has at least two different drive assemblies, especially an electric machine and an internal combustion engine, that are able to be connected to at least two drive trains of the motor vehicle, during the reconnecting of one of the drive assemblies, particularly from a first to a second of the drive trains, or from the second to the first drive train, and/or during a synchronization, a replacement torque substantially corresponding to the torque produced by the one drive assembly is able to be provided by an additional one of the drive assemblies by the at least partial closing of a clutch.
id-US8265814B2    abstract-A control method and unit of an electric traction motorcycle; there are provided: an accelerator grip pivotally mounted to rotate in a first rotation direction and about a rotation axis from a neutral position towards a maximum acceleration position; an elastic member which tends to keep the accelerator grip in the neutral position; at least one position sensor for detecting the angular position of the accelerator grip about the rotation axis; and a control device which drives an electric machine of the motorcycle according to the angular position of the accelerator grip; the accelerator grip is mounted to rotate in a second rotation direction opposite to the first rotation direction and about the rotation axis from the neutral position towards a deceleration position which is arranged in the direction opposite to the maximum acceleration position with respect to the neutral position.
id-DE102009022275A1    abstract-Ein erfindungsgemäß ausgeführter Antriebsstrang für ein Hybridsystem, umfassend eine erste Antriebsmaschine und eine zweite Antriebsmaschine, die separat oder gemeinsam über eine zumindest eine hydrodynamische Komponente aufweisende Kraftübertragungseinheit mit einem Getriebe verbindbar sind, eine zwischen der ersten Antriebsmaschine und der Kraftübertragungseinheit angeordnete schaltbare Kupplungseinrichtung zur wahlweisen Unterbrechung/Realisierung des Kraftflusses zwischen der ersten Antriebsmaschine und der Kraftübertragungseinheit mit einer druckmittelbetätigbaren Stelleinrichtung, umfassend zumindest ein Kolbenelement, ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass Mittel zur Übertragung eines vordefinierten Mindestmomentes zumindest vor dem Aufbau des erforderlichen Betätigungsdruckes der Stelleinrichtung der schaltbaren Kupplungseinrichtung zwischen der ersten Antriebsmaschine und der Kraftübertragungseinheit vorgesehen sind.
id-KR20100025784A    abstract-본 발명은 정보제공기능을 구비한 회생에너지 저장시스템에 관한 것으로서, 가선에서 공급되는 전기적 에너지를 충전하고 충전된 전기적 에너지를 필요에 따라 방전하는 회생에너지 저장수단과, 상기 회생에너지 저장수단의 상태정보를 관리자가 확인가능하도록 디스플레이하는 정보제공수단으로 구성되는 것을 특징으로 한다.      본 발명에 따르면 회생에너지 저장시스템의 현재 상태정보를 제공하여 안정적인 운영상태를 관리자에게 제공함은 물론, 고장이나 이상동작시에도 상태정보를 실시간으로 제공하게 되어 관리자가 신속한 조치를 취할 수 있게 하는 효과가 있다.           전동차, 회생제동, 상태정보
id-US20100049414A1    abstract-The present invention provides a control apparatus for an electric vehicle which improves safety in an electric vehicle capable of traveling using creep torque. The electric vehicle includes a motor/generator for driving vehicle wheels. In a low vehicle speed region during startup or the like, creep torque is output from the motor/generator even when an accelerator pedal has not been operated, and therefore the electric vehicle can be started gently. The electric vehicle is also provided with a friction brake system for applying vehicle braking through frictional force. When an EV control unit for setting a target creep torque of the motor/generator determines that an abnormality has occurred in the friction brake system (step S20), the target creep torque is set lower than normal (step S30). Therefore, when an abnormality that may cause a reduction in a braking force occurs in the friction brake system, a propulsive force of the electric vehicle can be reduced, and as a result, the safety of the electric vehicle can be improved.
id-US20100025135A1    abstract-A vehicle has at least one electric machine that can be operated as a generator, an electrical energy accumulator and a control unit for controlling the at least one electric machine and the electrical energy accumulator. The control unit operates so that in a recovery phase the vehicle can be decelerated by the generator load of the electric machine operated as a generator ( 2   :a ) and the resulting electrical energy ( 1 :E) can be stored in the electrical energy accumulator. The control unit is configured so that the at least one electric machine operated as a generator in a recovery phase is operated by said control unit in a chronologically unlimited fashion with a predefinable overload ( 2   ′:a,    2   ″:a,    2   ′″:a ).
id-EP2151344A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Hybridfahrzeug (1a) mit einem Hybridfahrzeugantrieb (94) der aus einem als Generator betreibbaren Elektromotor (22a) und einem Gasmotor als Verbrennungsmotor (22) besteht, mit geeigneten Verfahren zum betreiben eines solchen Fahrzeugs mit einem solchen Antrieb mit der Anordnung und dem Betrieb von Nebenverbrauchern (150) für das Hybridfahrzeug (1a).
id-JP5509442B2    abstract-
id-KR20100019234A    abstract-하이브리드 자동차의 브레이크 제어 장치 및 방법이 개시되어 있고, 이러한 본 발명은, 하이브리드 자동차의  브레이크 제어 장치에 있어서, 상기 브레이크 제어 장치는, 브레이크 페달; 및 브레이크 페달의 조작에 따라 파워 오프 다운 시프트 요구 시 엔진 회전수 및 엔진 냉각수 온도에 따라 목표 회생 제동 토오크를 설정하고, 설정된 목표 회생 제동 토오크로부터 실제 회생 제동 토오크 및 실제 브레이크 토오크를 재설정하며, 재설정된 실제 회생 제동 토오크 및 실제 브레이크 토오크로 회생 제동을 실행하는 브레이크 제어 유닛을 포함하고, 본 발명에 의하면, 감속 중 파워 오프 다운 시프트 변속 요구 시 실제회생 제동 에너지와 실제브레이크 토오크를 재설정한 후 설정된 실제회생 제동 에너지 및 실제브레이크 토오크로 회생 제동을 실행함으로써, 감속 중 파워 오프 다운 시프트 변속 요구 시 발생하는 브레이크 밀림 현상을 방지하여 승차감을 향상시킬 수 있게 된다.             자동차, 하이브리드, 회생 제동
id-KR20100001761U    abstract-일반 자전거에 추가 부착하여 사용할 보조 동력용 모터장치와 원칩 컴퓨터 제어장치를 함께 조합하여 자전거 사용자가 비탈길 같은 곳에서 힘이 떨어질 때, 속도 관성센서에 감지되어 자동으로 기존에 페달 작동에 추가 보조적인 동력으로 패달 한똑 측면에 부라쉬 레스형 모터가 작동되도록, 구성하고, 충전용 축전지를 전원으로 동력장치인 고정자 계자 코일과 영구자석 간에 힘을 얻어 자전거 사용자가 힘을 들이지 않고도 부담 없이 이용하는 장치입니다.       본 장치는 부녀자 등이 비탈길 같은 힘이 많이 필요한 상태의 도로에서 보조 동력을 얻게 되고 평지 상태의 일반적인 운행에서는 자전거에 장점을 그대로 이용하여, 평상시 동일한 방법으로 무담 없이 사용을 할 수 있으며, 또한 내려 막길 같은 부렉키(제동)가 필요시는 부과된 모터가 회생 발전장치로 전환하여 발생한 전력을 다시 회생전력으로 이용하여 축전지에 충전하여 에너지를 환수함으로써 경량의 소용량 축전지로 장시간 전기자전거로 이용할 수 있는 동력장치입니다.               전기 자전거, 보조 동력장치, 모터, 회생 방전, 제어장치
id-US8614565B2    abstract-The invention relates to a system for absorbing electric energy from regenerative braking. The system includes a battery, a thermoelectric module in thermally-conductive contact with the battery, a generator for generating an electric current from regenerative braking, the generator connected to the battery via a first switch and connected to the thermoelectric module via a second switch, and a sensor for measuring a temperature and a charge state of the battery. The system also comprises a controller for activating and deactivating the first switch and the second switch when certain conditions have been met.
id-JP4954173B2    abstract-
id-US8290652B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle, which outputs motive power to a drive shaft from an internal combustion engine and motor generators as motive power sources, including: a recirculating gas control portion that performs valve opening control on a recirculation valve so that an amount of recirculating exhaust reaches a control target valve, and that closes the recirculation valve completely when a deceleration request by a driver is detected; a throttle control portion that performs valve closing control on a throttle valve so that the amount of air circulating through an intake pipe decreases at a predetermined speed when the deceleration request issued by the driver is detected; and a braking control portion that controls regenerative braking forces of the motor generators so that at least one of the motor generators absorbs the motive power generated by the engine while valve closing control is executed on the throttle valve.
id-CN102164768B    abstract-本发明提供用于指导驾驶员为了提高燃料效率的驾驶操作的装置。设有使显示器显示颜色的显示机构，车辆的仪表板被构成为分隔成上层部分和下层部分这两部分的面板，上述显示器配置在上述仪表板上的该上层部分中。若检测出驾驶员所进行的规定的驾驶操作，则基于与该驾驶操作相对应的车辆的驾驶状态来确定在显示器上所显示的颜色，在显示器上所显示的颜色针对驾驶操作能够在第一颜色和第二颜色之间变化，第一颜色被设定为表示燃料效率良好的操作状态的颜色，第二颜色被设定为表示燃料效率不好的操作状态的颜色。确定该所显示的颜色，使得驾驶操作越是使车辆的燃料效率好的操作状态，所显示的颜色越接近第一颜色，由此能够针对各驾驶操作使驾驶员认识到是否是燃料效率良好的驾驶操作。
id-US8643316B2    abstract-Based on rotation information of a synchronous machine detected by a rotation information detector, a controller causes a converter to boost a charge voltage of a capacitor so as to be higher than an induced voltage generated by the synchronous machine at a time of shifting to a coasting operation, maintains the charge voltage during the coasting operation, and performs weak field control so that the induced voltage generated by the synchronous machine becomes lower than a DC voltage at the time of shifting from the coasting operation to a power running operation or to a regenerative operation.
id-AU2009212974B2    abstract-Abstract ELECTRIC DRIVE RETARDING SYSTEM AND METHOD 5 A retarding system for an electric drive machine (100) includes a direct current (DC) link (312), at which a DC voltage is developed, disposed between a rectifier (206) and an inverter (208). A first contactor switch (216) electrically communicates with a first rail of the DC link (312), and a second contactor switch (216) electrically communicates with a second rail of the DC 10 link (312). A first resistor grid (214) is connected in series between the first contactor switch (216) and the second contactor switch (216). The first resistor grid (214) dissipates electrical energy in the form of heat by conducting a current between the first rail and the second rail of the DC link (312) when the first contactor switch (216) and the second contactor switch (216) are closed. : 0 0 202-,, 0 0 :302B - 301 ARRANGEMENT 213 ,--20 6-210
id-US7661501B1    abstract-An economically operated low cost wheeled vehicle that accommodates a single driver occupant is propelled by power provided by a controllable combination of pedaling action of the driver, an internal combustion engine and an electric motor. The vehicle is elongated upon a center axis between a front extremity and a rear extremity having a single, axially centered wheel that drives the vehicle.
id-JP2010081753A    abstract-【課題】電機変速機の機能を有するブラシレス構造の回転電機１を提供する。 【解決手段】回転電機は、入力軸４と一体に回転する第１の回転子７と、この第１の回転子７の径方向外側にギャップを有して配置され、且つ、出力軸６と一体に回転する第２の回転子８と、この第２の回転子８の径方向外側にギャップを有して配置される固定子９とを備える。第１の回転子７は、磁界を発生させる永久磁石１２を有する。第２の回転子８は、第２の回転子鉄心１４の内径側に巻装される三相交流巻線１５と、第２の回転子鉄心１４の外径側に巻装される界磁巻線１６と、三相交流巻線１５に発生する交流電圧を直流電圧に変換して界磁巻線１６に供給する整流器とを有する。固定子９は、固定子鉄心１９の内径側に巻装され、蓄電装置よりインバータを介して三相電流が通電される三相電機子巻線２０とを有する。 【選択図】図１
id-FR2936206A1    abstract-La présente invention concerne essentiellement un système de freinage pour véhicule automobile mettant en oeuvre au moins une machine électrique de la chaîne de traction dudit véhicule par l'intermédiaire d'un dispositif de frein de stationnement électromécanique, ladite machine électrique étant reliée à un calculateur (9) de machines électriques, caractérisé en ce qu'il comporte : - un organe de commande du frein de stationnement (5), - une unité de commande du freins de stationnement électromécaniques FSE (6) reliant ledit organe de commande (5) à des récepteurs de freinage (2) installés au niveau des roues du véhicule, et - des moyens de communication (14.3) reliant entre eux l'unité de commande FSE (6) et le calculateur (9) des machines électriques, ladite unité de commande FSE (6) comportant des moyens pour recevoir des messages émis par le calculateur des machines électriques (9) et des moyens pour émettre des consignes d'application d'un couple de freinage électrique vers la calculateur des machines électriques lorsque le véhicule est dans un état roulant.
id-CN102171073B    abstract-本发明涉及一种具有制动系统的车辆，车辆制动系统具有第一制动装置（10），其用制动踏板直接作用到制动单元上，还具有能够电气地触发的第二制动装置（11）。当车辆系统参数（v，s 1 ）不超过所配设的极限值时，在制动操纵中仅加载第一制动装置（10）。
id-JP2010069957A    abstract-【課題】エンジン１８に例えばスプライン嵌合によってジェネレータ２０を連結した場合に、徒な燃費増大を回避しつつスプライン嵌合部におけるノイズの発生を抑制する。 【解決手段】エンジン１８の運転中にその回転変動状態を検出して（ステップＳ５）、これに対応して駆動トルクが増減するようにジェネレータ２０を制御し（Ｓ７）、スプライン嵌合部における歯と歯の接触を維持するために過不足のない駆動トルクを発生させる。これにより歯打ち音（ノイズ）の発生を抑制しつつ、そのためにエンジン１８にかかる負荷は必要最小限に留めて、徒な燃費増大を回避する。 【選択図】    図５
id-KR101269927B1    abstract-본 발명은 전기모터를 장착한 차량의 회생 제동 시 유압 제어 방법에 관한 것으로, 본 발명의 목적은 차량의 회생 제동시 생성되는 회생 제동력만큼 유압 제동력을 감소시켜 제동력의 과부하를 방지하는 전기모터를 장착한 차량의 회생 제동시 유압 제어 방법을 제공함에 있다.      이를 위한 본 발명은 마스터실린더와, 각 휠 실린더의 입구에 마련된 노멀오픈형의 입구밸브와 출구에 마련된 노멀클로즈형의 출구밸브와, 노멀클로즈형의 출구밸브와 연결되어 노멀클로즈형의 출구밸브로부터 공급되는 유압을 저장하는 저압 어큐뮬레이터와, 저압 어큐뮬레이터에 저장된 유압을 펌핑하여 각 휠 실린더 측으로 제공하는 복수의 유압펌프와, 복수의 유압펌프를 작동시키는 모터와, 차량의 운동에너지를 전기에너지로 변환하여 회생제동으로 차량을 제동하는 전기모터가 장착된 차량의 회생 제동 시 유압 제어 방법에 있어서, 마스터 실린더에 인가된 제동력을 구하는 단계와, 회생 제동으로 발생한 회생 제동력을 구하는 단계와, 제동력과 회생 제동력의 차에 상응하는 유압 제동력이 각 휠 실린더로 공급되도록 각 밸브, 유압펌프 및 모터를 제어하는 단계를 포함한다.
id-CN201257910Y    abstract-本实用新型涉及电动轮驱动车辆的驱动用车载能源和整车电气及驱动控制系统，属汽车车载能源及电气控制技术领域。车载能源特征：防爆箱体内安置由超级电容器单体通过串并联组合而成的车载储能部件，防爆箱体之间串联相接，设电压检测及监控系统、温度检测及监控系统、能量均衡管理系统、空调冷却散热通道、防爆接线插头。整车电气及驱动控制系统特征：包括电控箱，由车载能源分别连接电控箱内所设电机直流斩波控制总成、液压系统控制电气总成、气泵变频机组、空调变频机组、驾驶室除霜电气系统、DC－DC电源。本实用新型节能效益突出；环保、减排效果明显，具有高效再生制动能量回馈蓄能功能，可避免对燃油依赖，充电速度快，大大降低设备故障率，维护成本低，使用寿命长。
id-CN101357592A    abstract-本发明涉及电动轮驱动车辆的驱动用车载能源和整车电气及驱动控制系统，属于车载能源及电气控制技术领域。车载能源特征：防爆箱体内安置由超级电容器单体通过串并联组合而成的车载储能部件，防爆箱体之间串联相接，设电压检测及监控系统、温度检测及监控系统、能量均衡管理系统、空调冷却散热通道、防爆接线插头。整车电气及驱动控制系统特征：包括电控箱，由车载能源分别连接电控箱内所设电机直流斩波控制总成、液压系统控制电气总成、气泵变频机组、空调变频机组、驾驶室除霜电气系统、DC－DC电源。本发明节能效益突出；环保、减排效果明显，具有高效再生制动能量回馈蓄能功能，可避免对燃油依赖，充电速度快，大大降低设备故障率，维护成本低，使用寿命长。
id-KR100972581B1    abstract-고속 영역에서 전기제동력을 확보하기 위한 전동차의 전기제동 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 전동차의 전기제동 시스템은, 견인전동기; 견인전동기의 구동을 제어하는 인버터; 견인전동기와 인버터 사이에 접속되는 적어도 하나의 저항; 견인전동기와 인버터 사이에 접속되고, 적어도 하나의 저항을 단락시키는 적어도 하나의 단락접촉기; 및 전동차의 전기제동시, 견인전동기의 일정 토크 운전영역을 확대하도록, 적어도 하나의 단락접촉기의 구동을 제어하는 전기제동 제어기를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다. 본 발명에 의하면, 인버터의 최대출력전압을 넘어서는 고속영역에서 일정 토크 운전영역의 충분한 전기제동력을 확보할 수 있다.             전동차, 전기제동, 공기제동, 회생전력, 일정 토크 운전영역, 고속영역
id-JP2010076568A    abstract-【課題】回生可能な車両の駆動装置のうち少なくとも一つが故障した場合であっても、正常に動作する駆動装置により車両安定性を確保し回生制動できる制動力制御装置を提供する。 【解決手段】駆動力を増減する駆動装置が少なくとも左右二輪１０，１１の各々に個別に設けられ、かつ油圧によって動作し前記二輪１０，１１の各々に個別に制動力を与えるブレーキ機構が設けられた駆動力制御装置において、前記いずれかの駆動装置の故障を検出する故障検出手段（車両ＥＣＵ）３９と、その故障検出手段３９によって前記故障が検出された場合に前記二輪の各々に制動力を加える制動指示手段（ブレーキ・モータ統合ＥＣＵ）３８と、故障が検出されていない駆動装置に連結されている車輪についての制動力を前記ブレーキ機構による制動力から前記駆動装置による制動力に移行させる制動力切換手段（ブレーキ・モータ統合ＥＣＵ）３８とを備えている。 【選択図】図１
id-DE102008048519A1    abstract-Transportfahrzeug 70 mit einem Hybridantrieb und einer Kälteanlage, bei welchem ein Elektromotor den Verbrennungsmotor starten kann, einen Fahrakku laden kann und einen Kältekompressor mit Antriebsenergie versorgen kann. Der Elektromotor kann als Baugruppe kombiniert mit einer Hydraulikpumpe und einem Kältemittelverdichter kombiniert werden. Dargestellt sind geeignete Betriebsverfahren zum Betrieb des Transportfahrzeugs 70 als Hybridfahrzeug.
id-KR20100034524A    abstract-본 발명은 직렬형 하이브리드 추진 시스템을 적용한 철도 차량 또는 바이모달 트램 차량에 관한 것으로 특히 직렬형 하이브리드 추진 시스템에 플라이 휠 타입의 에너지 저장 장치를 설치하여 초기 가속시 전력을 공급하도록 하고 배터리의 유효 수명을 늘리는 직렬형 하이브리드 추진 시스템의 전력 안정화 장치 및 방법에 관한 것이다.      본 발명은 직렬형 하이브리드 추진 시스템에 플라이 휠 타입의 에너지 저장 장치를 설치하여 초기 가속시 전력을 공급하도록 하고, 회생 제동 초기에 발생되는 회생전류를 플라이 휠의 충전에 사용하도록 하여 배터리 팩의 피크전류를 줄이고 유효 수명을 늘리는 직렬형 하이브리드 추진 시스템의 전력 안정화 장치 및 방법이다.             플라이휠, 교류발전기, 전력변환부, 피크전류, 제동페달.
id-US8674636B2    abstract-A power conversion device for a vehicle includes: a power module that includes a switching device and, upon operation of the switching device, converts DC power into AC power to be supplied to an electric machine for driving a vehicle; a capacitor module that includes a smoothing capacitor element, an input-side power source terminal for receiving DC power, and an output-side power source terminal for supplying DC power to the power module; and a noise removal capacitor for removing noise, wherein: the noise removal capacitor is built in the capacitor module, and the noise removal capacitor is electrically connected to the input-side power source terminal in a position where a distance between a connection position of the noise removal capacitor and the input-side power source terminal is less than a distance between a connection position of the noise removal capacitor and the output-side power source terminal of the capacitor module.
id-US8707756B2    abstract-Apparatus (or method) for estimating a gripping characteristic of a vehicle wheel of a vehicle on a ground contact surface includes first input section (or step), a second input section (or step) and an output section (or step). The first input section sets a first input which is a ratio of a first wheel force acting on the vehicle wheel in the ground contact surface in a first direction, and a first wheel slip degree. The second input section sets a second input which is a ratio of a second wheel force acting on the vehicle wheel in the ground contact surface in a second direction, and a second wheel slip degree of the vehicle wheel. The output section determines, from the first and second inputs, an output which is a grip characteristic parameter indicative of the gripping characteristic of the vehicle wheel.
id-EP2181905B1    abstract-
id-JP5736110B2    abstract-
id-US8793041B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a main power storage device and a plurality of sub power storage devices. A converter is connected to a selected one of the sub power storage devices to perform voltage conversion bidirectionally between the selected sub power storage device and an electric power feeding line. A control device executes charging control for controlling input of electric power from a load device to the main power storage device and selected sub power storage device, and switching control for switching electrical connection between the plurality of sub power storage devices and electric power feeding line, according to a braking request of the electric powered vehicle. The control device prohibits or limits, until completion of one of the charging control and switching control, the other control.
id-US8543271B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a main power storage device and a plurality of sub power storage devices. A converter is connected to selected one of the sub power storage devices to convert voltage between the selected sub power storage device and an electric power feeding line bidirectionally. When a request for switching the selected sub power storage device in use is generated, upper limits on electric power input/output to/from the selected sub power storage device are continuously varied. Thus, discontinuous variation of electric power input/output to/from the power supply system during the process for switching the selected sub power storage device can be avoided. Consequently, sudden change in a behavior of an electrically powered vehicle can be avoided.
id-US8215428B2    abstract-The present invention provides a power configuration system for a fuel cell hybrid vehicle and a method for controlling the same, in which a second blocking diode is installed in a main bus terminal at an output terminal of a fuel cell (in front of a first blocking diode) separately from the existing first blocking diode installed in the main bus terminal, the positions of high voltage components for driving the fuel cell are changed from the rear of the first blocking diode to the front of the first blocking diode, and the operations of the high voltage components are appropriately controlled during regenerative braking such that the voltage of the fuel cell may be maintained below that of the supercapacitor.
id-US8702547B2    abstract-A flywheel module has a flywheel as well as a speed transforming device which has a first in/output which is connected to the flywheel, and a second in/output which is coupled to a drive line of a vehicle. The speed transforming device has a bypass speed transforming device and a motor and/or generator. Energy can then be exchanged with the flywheel by suitably controlling the motor and/or generator. As a result of the delivery of a negative torque by the motor and/or generator, the flywheel accelerates and because of the delivery of a positive torque by the motor and/or generator the flywheel decelerates.
id-US8612076B2    abstract-The invention provides a method and a system for enabling antilock braking in a vehicle which is propelled at least by an electric motor. The method includes detecting tendency of locking of the at least one wheel by comparing actual rate of change of speed of the at least one of the motor, wheels, transmission, shaft and ground speed with expected rate of change of speed of at least one wheel, wherein the vehicle is being decelerated. Based on the tendency of locking at least regenerative braking is modulated to prevent locking of at least one wheel of the vehicle.
id-US8538616B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a main power storage device and a plurality of sub power storage devices. A converter is connected to selected one of the sub power storage devices to convert voltage between the selected sub power storage device and an electric power feeding line bidirectionally. When the travel mode of an electrically powered vehicle is an EV mode, switching processing of a sub power storage device is performed based on the selected sub power storage device's SOC. On the other hand, when the travel mode of the electrically powered vehicle is an HV mode, control under which the SOC of the main power storage device and the plurality of sub power storage devices as a whole is kept constant is carried out, and switching of the selected sub power storage device is prohibited.
id-US20130192272A1    abstract-Temperature control systems and methods can be designed for controlling the interior climate of a vehicle or other the climate of another desired region. The temperature control system for a vehicle can have a thermoelectric system providing heating and/or cooling, including supplemental heating and/or cooling. The thermoelectric system can transfer thermal energy between a working fluid, such as liquid coolant, and comfort air upon application of electric current of a selected polarity. The thermoelectric system can supplement or replace the heat provided from an internal combustion engine or other primary heat source. The thermoelectric system can also supplement or replace cold energy provided from a compressor-based refrigeration system or other primary cold energy source.
id-EP2172378B1    abstract-
id-WO2010042777A3    abstract-An energy recovery system including a device that produces a magnetic field adapted for mounting to a vehicle and a stationary conductor adapted for placing in or adjacent the path of the vehicle wherein the magnetic field induces current to flow through the conductor when the vehicle moves past the conductor. The vehicle may be an automobile, a truck, a train, or other type of vehicle. When used in conjunction with a train, the energy recovery system may be designed to recover energy from non-locomotive train cars in addition to, or in lieu of, the train locomotive. Kinetic energy that would otherwise be lost to heat energy through the application of brakes to the non-locomotive cars can thereby be recovered and re-used.
id-JP2010098888A    abstract-【課題】負荷状態に応じて損失を適切に抑制することを可能にする電源システムおよびその制御方法を提供する。 【解決手段】ハイブリッド車両１００は、主負荷装置（インバータ２０，２２およびモータジェネレータＭＧ１，ＭＧ２）と、副負荷装置である補機装置１６とを備える。電源システムは、主蓄電装置（Ｂ１）と、主蓄電装置と主負荷装置との間で電力を伝達するための電力線（ＰＬ１，ＰＬ３）と、主蓄電装置と並列に電力線に接続されて、電力線の電圧を、補機装置１６を動作させるための電圧に変換して出力するコンバータ１４と、コンバータ１４の出力側に補機装置１６と並列に接続される副蓄電装置（Ｂ３）と、ＥＣＵ３０とを備える。ＥＣＵ３０は、要求パワーＰＲに応じてコンバータ１４を制御することにより、コンバータ１４の出力電圧（ＶＢ３）を変化させる。 【選択図】図１
id-CN101396993A    abstract-本发明涉及一种电动汽车智能控制系统，包括工业控制计算机和电子线路控制，用工业控制计算机通过CAN总线和CAN路由器同时作用于CAN总线，工业控制计算机作为常规使用，CAN路由器作为备用，连接于CAN总线和CAN路由器的模块包括：助力转向模块；动力驱动模块；电力管理模块；安全模块；其它可扩展应用模块等。计算机通过CAN总线连接传感器即时进行数据采集，完成对汽车各部分的实时监测和控制。本发明将推动我国电动汽车进入电子软件控制时代，也为其他类型汽车的安全控制提供可靠的系统。进而大大提高汽车使用的安全性，同时对节约能源、减少排放，促进非燃油汽车的发展有着极其重要意义。
id-FR2937803A3    abstract-L'invention concerne un dispositif pour la charge d'une source de tension continue (10) d'un véhicule automobile électrique ou hybride, le véhicule comprenant : - ladite source de tension continue (10), - un onduleur (20), - un ensemble rotor/stator (30), configuré pour transformer l'énergie délivrée par la source de tension (10) en énergie mécanique, le dispositif comprenant : - des moyens de raccordement (50) à un réseau d'électricité délivrant une tension alternative (40), et caractérisé en ce que le dispositif comprend : - un circuit redresseur (60, 61, 62), relié au dit réseau (40), et au point neutre (N) de l'ensemble rotor/stator (30), - des moyens de filtrage (70), pour filtrer la sortie du circuit redresseur (60, 61, 62), et reliés au point neutre (N), - un circuit hacheur élévateur (80) piloté, connecté à la source de tension (10) et aux dits moyens de filtrage (70) .
id-US8996211B2    abstract-A method for controlling regenerative braking of an automobile micro-hybrid system is disclosed. The system includes at least a rotary electrical machine and an electrochemical battery. The method includes a step, when the electrochemical battery has a first predetermined energy state, which corresponds to an initial optimum charging state, of commanding a reduction of the first energy state, to a second energy state corresponding to an intermediate charging state, so as to make a charging capacity available in the electrochemical battery during a subsequent opportunity for recovery of electrical energy during, for example, a braking phase of the vehicle.
id-KR101263160B1    abstract-본 발명은 회생제동시스템에 관한 것으로, 특히 본 발명은 마스터실린더의 두 챔버(MCP, MCS)에 각각 마련된 전자밸브와 ECU를 구비하는 전자제어부스터를 채용하여 회생제동시 유압제동력을 유압모듈레이터 대신에 전자제어부스터를 통해 생성함으로써 회생제동을 위한 유압제동력을 생성하기 위해 ABS나 ESP 제어로직의 수정할 필요없어 제어를 간편히 할 수 있고, ABS나 ESP 등의 제어부담을 줄일 수 있으며, 다른 제동장치와의 호환성을 높일 수 있다.
id-JP2010110042A    abstract-【課題】誤判定の可能性が低減されたモータ減磁判定が実行できるモータ制御装置を提供する。 【解決手段】モータ制御装置は、ロータの回転速度を検出するレゾルバ３２と、モータの回転制御を行なう制御装置３０とを備える。制御装置３０は、検出したロータの回転速度ＭＲＮ１とトルク指令値ＴＲ１とに基づいて、モータの動作状態が判定実行領域に属するか判定禁止領域に属するかを判断し、動作状態が判定実行領域に属する場合には、モータ電圧に基づいて、モータの永久磁石の減磁率が所定値よりも低下しているか否かを判定する減磁判定を実行する。制御装置３０は、モータの動作状態が判定禁止領域に属する場合には、減磁判定を禁止する。 【選択図】図１
id-KR20100043300A    abstract-본 발명은 궤도차량의 운동에너지를 이용한 발전 시스템에 관한 것으로,더욱 상세하게는 궤도차량 즉 전동차 및 철도차량의 좌우측 하단부에 차량의 전진 운동에너지를 전달하기 위한 바(Bar)를 장착하고 노면에는 동력발생장치를 설치하여 궤도차량이 정차를 위한 제동 시작시 바가 동력발생장치의 운동변환 회전체와 접촉, 회전하게 됨에 따라 이 회전체에 연결된 동력발생장치를 통해 전기에너지를 생산할 수 있도록 하는 발전 시스템에 관한 것이다.      이를 위하여 본 발명은 궤도차량 좌우측 하단부에 감응센서 및 바 제어장치와 완충장치를 포함한 바를 설치하는 단계, 궤도차량이 정차를 위한 제동 운행 시작시 궤도차량의 바가 이 지점부터 노면에 설치되는 동력발생장치의 운동변환 회전체와 접촉하여 회전체를 회전시킴으로써 동력을 발생시키는 단계, 열차가 완전 정차시 선두 기관실 차량의 감응센서가 정차센서를 감지하여 각 궤도차량의 바를 동력발생장치의 운동변환 회전체로부터 분리시켜 차량 출발시 가속 부담을 제거시키는 단계, 선두 기관실 차량의 감응센서가 동력발생장치 설치구간을 완전히 벗어나는 위치에 설치된 발전준비센서를 감지하여 각 궤도차량의 바를 아래로 내려 동력발생장치의 운동변환 회전체를 접촉할 수 있도록 복원시키는 단계로 이루어진다.              궤도차량, 바(Bar), 바(Bar) 제어장치, 동력발생장치, 운동변환 회전체, 감응센서, 정차센서, 발전준비센서
id-US8523734B2    abstract-A multi-mode hybrid transmission for transmitting power from a prime mover and a stored source of energy to a final drive shaft. The transmission may include an input shaft to receive torque from the prime mover, a countershaft operatively coupled to the final drive shaft, a plurality of gear pairs each defining a torque path from the input shaft to the countershaft, a synchromesh clutch assembly to selectively couple the input shaft with a desired gear pair, and first and second electric machines rotatably carried by the input shaft. The first electric machine can provide a motive force to the final drive shaft and the second electric machine can covert rotary speed of the input shaft into electrical energy. Additionally, the first and second electric machines can provide supplemental torque to the output shaft during periods of reduced torque from the prime mover associated with a change in torque path.
id-US8018109B2    abstract-An internal permanent magnet machine has multiple rotor sections, each section having multiple rotor laminations. Permanent magnets are placed asymmetrically in lamination openings to attenuate oscillations in torque caused by harmonic components of magnetic flux.
id-US9073538B2    abstract-An electric drive module for a motor vehicle includes an electric motor, a first input member, a first output member and a two-speed module selectively drivingly interconnecting the first input member and the first output member at one of two different drive ratios. A reduction unit includes a second input member being driven by the first output member and has a second output member being driven at a reduced speed relative to the second input member. A differential assembly has an input driven by said second output member. A first differential output drives a first output shaft, and a second differential output drives a second output shaft.
id-CN101746375A    abstract-本发明提供一种车辆的控制单元，包括用于控制车辆的再生制动的设备。该设备具有驱动车轮和驱动电动机，所述驱动电动机驱动所述驱动车轮，所述设备可以包括：车辆控制单元，该车辆控制单元用于计算再生量并且相应于计算出的再生量分配目标制动力；以及控制单元，该控制单元控制变速装置，从而在所述驱动电动机减速再生的情况下，所述电动机的力矩增大。
id-US8062175B2    abstract-A method minimizes a driveline vibration and reduces stopping distances in a hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) having a plurality of drive wheels, a friction braking system having antilock braking system (ABS) capability, and an electronically variable transmission (EVT) with two EVT modes. The method automatically shifts the EVT to a predetermined high speed/low torque EVT mode when the ABS is active and when a calibrated maximum deceleration rate is not exceeded. An HEV has a friction braking system with ABS capability and an EVT including a plurality of modes. A controller automatically activates the friction braking ABS in response to a threshold level of slip between the drive wheels and the road surface when the brake pedal is actuated. An algorithm automatically shifts the EVT into one of the high speed/low torque EVT modes when the ABS is activated and the calibrated maximum deceleration rate is not exceeded.
id-US8614555B2    abstract-An actuator control system includes a controller and a buck-boost circuit. The controller is configured to direct power from a power source to an actuator. The actuator is coupled to a control device to apply a force related to operation of a vehicle. The buck-boost circuit is configured to direct excess power generated by the actuator to an energy storage device when an actuator power level satisfies an anticipated power level.
id-EP2356006B1    abstract-A vehicle battery diagnosis system diagnoses the state of use of a battery of a vehicle, and includes: an information accumulation portion that accumulates diagnostic information that includes a use condition regarding the battery; a control plan presentation portion that presents a plurality of control plans about the vehicle for increasing the service life of the battery on the basis of the diagnostic information; and an information changing portion that changes control information regarding the control of the vehicle which is retained in a vehicle-mounted ECU of the vehicle so that the control information corresponds to a control plan selected from the plurality of control plans.
id-US20100131139A1    abstract-A charge planning apparatus that formulates a control plan for controlling both of a motor and a generator in a hybrid vehicle performs a control plan re-formulation by changing a control index that provides a basis for state of charge (SOC) estimation, when a modification of the control plan based on a current SOC during the travel of the hybrid vehicle results in an excessive charging or discharging portion in a transition of the modified SOC estimation.
id-US20100127563A1    abstract-A propulsion system is provided. The system includes: a first propulsion vehicle unit including a first tractive bank having at least one traction motor; a second propulsion vehicle unit including: a second tractive bank having at least one traction motor, a contactor electrically coupling the first propulsion vehicle unit and the second propulsion vehicle unit, and an electrical power modulation device coupled between the first tractive bank and the second tractive bank, the electrical power modulation device having an electrical current threshold that causes the electrical power modulation device to transition to an open state to reduce or prevent transfer of electrical power between the first propulsion unit and the second propulsion unit in response to an electrical current at the electrical power modulation device being above the electrical current threshold.
id-US8047317B2    abstract-A power system is provided that includes a first voltage bus, a traction motor configured to generate electrical power during a regenerative braking mode and to supply the generated electrical power to the first voltage bus, and an auxiliary system coupled to the first voltage bus. The auxiliary system comprises a second voltage bus and a power interface unit coupling the first voltage bus to the second voltage bus. The auxiliary system also comprises an energy storage device coupled to the second voltage bus and configured to store energy supplied to the second voltage bus and configured to supply stored energy to the second voltage bus and an auxiliary load configured to receive power based on power in the second voltage bus.
id-DE102008058669B4    abstract-Verfahren zur Steuerung der Rekuperationsstärke oder des Rekuperationsmoments einer elektrischen Maschine eines Hybrid- oder Elektrofahrzeugs, wobei zumindest in manchen Betriebszuständen die Rekuperationsstärke oder das Rekuperationsmoment in Abhängigkeit mindestens eines Betriebsparameters des Hybrid- oder Elektrofahrzeugs gesteuert oder geregelt wird. Die Rekuperationsstärke oder das Rekuperationsmoment wird in Betriebszuständen, in denen ein Fahrstabilitätssystem des Hybrid- oder Elektrofahrzeugs deaktiviert oder gestört oder ausgefallen ist, nach einer anderen Logik gesteuert, geregelt oder begrenzt, als in Betriebszuständen, in denen das Fahrstabilitätssystem ordnungsgemäß betriebsbereit ist.
id-JP2010115035A    abstract-【課題】回生時において余剰電力が発生した場合であっても、確実にその余剰電力を消費し、電池の過電圧を防ぐことが可能な電池保護装置を提供する。 【解決手段】電池保護装置は、電池と、電気負荷と、制御手段と、を備える。電池は、供給される回生電力を充電する。電気負荷は、電池に供給される回生電力の一部を消費することで、電池の過電圧を防ぐ。制御手段は、電池及び電気負荷に供給する回生電力を制御する。制御手段は、回生電力の目標上限出力値を、電気負荷の電力消費能力から所定値だけ小さく設定する。 【選択図】図４
id-DE102008037570A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren und eine Vorrichtung zur Spritverbrauchsreduktion bei Verbrennungsmotoren. Dazu wird dem Kraftstoff-Luft-Gemisch eine Mischung aus Wasserstoff und Sauerstoff zugemischt, die durch die Elektrolyse von Wasser im Fahrzeug generiert wird. Der dazu benötigte Strom wird überwiegend oder ausschließlich durch ein Rekuperationsbremssystem gewonnen. Das Verfahren zur Spritverbrauchsreduktion bei Verbrennungsmotoren umfasst die Schritte Erzeugung von Energie durch eine Rekuperationsbremsvorrichtung, Einsatz der erzeugten Energie in einer Elektrolysevorrichtung für die Elektrolyse eines mindestens teilweise aus Wasser bestehenden Elektrolyten in Wasserstoff und Sauerstoff, Zwischenlagerung des erzeugten Wasserstoffes und Sauerstoffes in einem oder mehreren Vorratsbehältern und Zudosierung des erzeugten Wasserstoffes und Sauerstoffes zum Verbrennungskraftstoff-Luft-Gemisch in die Verbrennungskammern des Verbrennungsmotors. Die Vorrichtung an einem Fahrzeug zur Durchführung des Verfahrens umfasst die Merkmale, dass mindestens eine Achse des Fahrzeuges mit einer Rekuperationsbremsvorrichtung ausgestattet ist, die Rekuperationsbremsvorrichtung mit einer Elektrolysevorrichtung verbunden ist, die deren Elektroden mit Spannung versorgt, die Elektrolysevorrichtung mit einem mindestens teilweise aus Wasser bestehenden Elektrolyten gefüllt ist, die Elektrolysevorrichtung mit einem oder mehreren Vorratsbehältern verbunden ist, in denen der ...
id-KR20100056659A    abstract-본 발명은 회생에너지를 사용하는 전기자전거에 관한 것으로써, 특히 평상시 전륜으로만 운행하고, 2개의 후륜은 충전모드로 전환되며, 오르막길(경사로) 진입시 상기 2개의 후륜 구동방식으로 전환하여 오르막길을 용이하게 올라갈 수 있으며, 오르막길 정상 도달 후 상기 2개의 후륜구동방식은 다시 충전모드로 전환되고, 주행거리를 크게 향상시킨 전기자전거에 관한 것이다.      본 발명의 구성은, 회생에너지를 사용하는 전기자전거에 있어서, 전동기에 의해 작동되는 전륜; 전동기 또는 답력에 의해 작동되는 후륜; 상기 전동기에 전원을 공급하는 전원부; 및 상기 전동기를 제어하는 컨트롤러;를 포함하여 이루어지며,      상기 전동기는 상기 전륜 및 후륜에 각각 설치되며, 상기 후륜에는 발전형 전동기가 설치되어 상기 전동기에 의한 구동전까지 상기 후륜의 회전시 발생하는 전기에너지를 상기 전원부에 충전시키는 것을 특징으로 하다.              전기자전거, 전륜, 후륜, 충전, 방전, 회생에너지
id-EP2189321A1    abstract-The traction driven AC electric motor (2) is connected to the electric accumulator (1) through at least one inverter (3, 13) for the conversion of DC electric current to AC electric current. In the event that the inverter (3) is bidirectional, it includes at least one primary inlet or outlet (6) connected to the electric accumulator (1), and at least one secondary inlet or outlet (7) which is connected to the traction driven AC electric motor (2). In the event that nonreversible inverters are utilized, the inlet of the primary inverter is connected to the electric accumulator (1) and the outlet of the primary inverter is connected to the traction driven AC electric motor (2) while the inlet of the secondary inverter is connected to the traction driven AC electric motor (2) and the outlet of the second inverter is connected to the electric accumulator (1). An additional advantage in this type of connection is the attachment of at least one diagnostic element (4) which as an option can be installed into at least one inverter (3). In the event that the diagnostic element (4) is not installed into the inverter, the primary inlet is connected to the electric accumulator (1) and the secondary inlet is connected to at least one inverter (3). The diagnostic element additionally includes an outlet (12) connected to a display and/or recording device (5). Another advantage is the attachment of at least one apparatus to the electric accumulator (1) for the purpose of cooling the traction driven AC electric motor and/or at least one inverter (3).
id-CA2644402A1    abstract-A Device to Re-Charge an electric Vehicle Battery powered engine as the Vehicle is being driven, without the aid of Hydrogen, Ethanol or Fossil fuels. This device consists of a set of generators that are supported by a connection behind and to the battery powered engine and to the vehicles frame. The Generators are connected to each other by a common shaft that runs though them that rotates and creates electricity. The Generator shaft is connected to another shaft in the middle of the generators through a gear connection that runs down vertically and connecting through another gear connection to the drive train of the Electric vehicle. This Device will have a gear set up that will turn the Generator shafts at a higher RPM to create the sufficient energy to power/re-charge the Electric vehicles batteries for the electric powered engine.
id-KR20100056046A    abstract-본 발명은 전기 차량의 회생제동 제어방법에 관한 것으로, 특히 본 발명은 저압어큐뮬레이터(LPA)에 채워진 브레이크액량이 설정용량보다 많을 경우 운전자의 요구 제동량을 만족하는 범위 내에서 회생 제동량과 유압 제동량의 비율을 조정함으로써 과제동을 방지할 수 있어 차량의 제동 안정성을 확보한다.      이를 위해 본 발명은 차량 제동시 차량 정보를 읽어 들여 운전자의 요구 제동량을 산출하고, 상기 차량에서 발생 가능한 제1 회생 제동량을 확인하고, 브레이크액을 임시 보관하는 저압어큐뮬레이터(LPA)의 브레이크 액량에 따라 상기 제1 회생 제동량을 제2 회생 제동량으로 하향 조정하고, 상기 운전자의 요구 제동량에서 상기 제2 회생 제동량을 뺀 제동량만큼 유압 제동량을 생성하는 것을 포함한다.
