id-EP2661387B1    abstract-
id-US9381990B2    abstract-A power supply system for an electrical drive of a marine vessel is provided. The electrical drive includes an electric motor that is adapted to receive electric energy from a power source. The electrical drive has a first operating state in which electric energy is supplied by the power source to the electrical drive to operate the electrical drive and a second operating state in which the electric motor of the electrical drive is decelerated or braked, wherein the electrical drive generates electric energy in the second operating state. The power supply system comprises an electric energy storage device for storing generated electric energy.
id-US9669808B2    abstract-An engine ECU and a brake ECU of a vehicle control apparatus performs any one of a mechanical brake which converts a kinetic energy using rotation of a driving wheel rotation into thermal energy using friction and a regeneration brake which converts the kinetic energy of the driving wheel rotation into electric energy using regeneration, during a vehicle deceleration, after an engine brake changes a deceleration ratio which is a rotation number ratio of driving wheels with respect to the rotation number of an engine.
id-US8935031B2    abstract-A construction vehicle control apparatus is provided including: a motor generator control unit ( 160 ) which, when regenerative electrical power generated by a motor ( 7 ) during regenerative braking surpasses acceptable charging electrical power of a capacitor ( 3 ), drives a motor generator ( 5 ) using the surplus electrical power; an engine controller ( 2 ) which detects the rotating speed of an engine ( 1 ); a motor control unit ( 180 ) which, if the rotating speed of the engine becomes larger than a second set value while the motor generator is being driven by the surplus electrical power, reduces regenerative torque generated by the motor; and a brake control unit ( 190 ) which, if the rotating speed of the engine becomes larger than the second set value while the motor generator is being driven by the surplus electrical power, increases regenerative torque generated by a hydraulic brake ( 30 ).
id-US9221457B2    abstract-In a hybrid vehicle control apparatus, the hybrid vehicle including an engine is driven by a supply with fuel from a fuel tank; and a motor drives drive wheels of the vehicle by a supply of electric power at least from a battery, an interval of time required until a time at which the supply with fuel is to be carried out or at which a fuel quantity becomes zero, with the present time as a starting point, is estimated, an interval of time required until the time at which fuel is deteriorated, with the present time as the starting point, is estimated, and a switching to a fuel consumption promotion mode is carried out in a case where a timing at which the supply with fuel is to be carried out or at which the fuel quantity becomes zero is after the timing at which fuel is deteriorated.
id-US9527388B2    abstract-A regenerative control capable of realizing a comfortable operation, along with an efficient collection of a regenerative energy of a motor generator and an effective regenerative braking control. A regenerative control device for a motor generator generates a regenerative braking power for decelerating a motor vehicle at a time of collecting regenerative energy generated by driving of the motor vehicle. The arrangement includes a driving state detection unit for detecting a driving state and a deceleration level acquisition unit for acquiring a deceleration level. A braking force setting unit sets the regenerative braking force of the motor generator at a time of detection of a deceleration operation by the driving state detection unit. A braking force adjustment unit adjusts and suppresses the regenerative braking force set by the braking force setting unit, according to acquired deceleration level.
id-US8744659B2    abstract-A regeneration control device of a hybrid vehicle comprises a comparison unit for, when a regenerative torque generated in the electric motor is used as a braking force during deceleration of the vehicle using only the electric motor, comparing a preset target deceleration with an actual deceleration; and a control unit for, in a case where the result of comparison of the comparison unit indicates that a state in which the actual deceleration is equal to or lower than the target deceleration occurs in a predetermined pattern though the electric motor is generating the maximum regenerative torque, causing the vehicle to travel using both an engine and the electric motor in a cooperative manner during the next deceleration after the current deceleration has been finished, such that the engine braking and the regeneration torque are both used as a braking force.
id-EP2476573B1    abstract-
id-US8587249B2    abstract-A power unit for an electric vehicle includes: a first power source connected between a first node and a second node; a first switch connected between the second node and a third node; a second power source connected between the third node and a fourth node; a second switch connected between the first node and the third node; and a DC-DC converter, wherein the DC-DC converter adjusts an electric potential of the first node by changing an electric potential of the second node by making the first node connectable to the third node, or, by making the second node connectable to the third node; an output electric power obtained from between the first node and the fourth node is supplied to an electric motor; and the first power source or the second power source is a fuel cell stack and an another is a secondary battery.
id-EP2666691A1    abstract-The present invention effectively uses engine output in a "regeneration" process when an automobile is stopped. The automobile includes a regeneration control unit for, when regenerating a post-treatment device (20) while a hybrid automobile (1) is stopped, performing a high-load operation of an engine (10) by operating an electric motor (13) as a generator by the engine (10). A memory of a hybrid ECU (18) retains a power generation map in which are recorded the rotational speed of the engine (10) and/or a power generating torque when regenerating the post-treatment device (20), which correspond to the amount of particulate accumulation of the post-treatment device (20). The regeneration control unit constitutes a regeneration control device for determining, on the basis of the power generation map, the rotational speed and/or the power generating torque of the engine (10) when the engine (10) operates the electric motor (13) as a generator, which are corresponding to the amount of particular accumulation of the post-treatment device (20), when regenerating the post-treatment device (20) while the hybrid automobile (1) is stopping.
id-JP2014502937A    abstract-本発明は、車両のブレーキシステムのための制御装置（１０）に関するものであり、これによって第１のブレーキ回路（５０）で設定されるべき目標ブレーキ圧に関する少なくとも１つの提供される目標量と、第１のブレーキ回路（５０）で生じている実際ブレーキ圧に関する少なくとも１つの提供される実際量、および／またはブレーキシステムの第２のブレーキ回路（５２）の弾性に関する弾性量を受信可能であり、マスタブレーキシリンダ・ブレーキ介入モードにある第２のブレーキ回路（５２）のブレーキ液の目標追加容積に関する設定量を、少なくとも１つの実際量と少なくとも１つの目標量との第１の誤差量および／または弾性量と所定の目標弾性量との第２の誤差量を考慮したうえで決定可能であり、それにより、決定された設定量に対応する制御信号（３６）を少なくとも１つの容積送出装置（９０）へ出力可能である。さらに本発明は、車両のブレーキシステムを作動させる方法に関する。 【選択図】図４
id-WO2012098743A1    abstract-減速時の回生状態においてエンジンの回転軸と電動機の回転軸とを切り離すか接続するかの最適な判断を行うこと。　ハイブリッド自動車１の減速中にエンジン１０の回転軸と電動機１３の回転軸とが互いに接続された状態で、予め複数の走行パターンのそれぞれについて貨物積載量を複数段階に可変して所定時間走行したときのエンジン回転速度および要求トルクから燃費向上率を算出する算出式を保持し、ハイブリッド自動車１の減速時に、所定時間走行したときのエンジン回転速度および要求トルクと算出式とに基づいて燃費向上率を算出し、その結果算出された燃費向上率が所定の条件を満たすときには、エンジン１０の回転軸と電動機１３の回転軸とが互いに接続された状態で回生発電を実施するように制御するハイブリッドＥＣＵ１８を構成する。
id-EP2481626B1    abstract-
id-EP2668059B1    abstract-
id-DE202011002194U1    abstract-Mehrachsiges Kraftfahrzeug mit elektrischem Antrieb mit mindestens einer Antriebsachse mit je Antriebsachse zwei angetrieben Rädern, gekennzeichnet dadurch, dass jedem angetriebenen Rad einer Antriebsachse mindestens ein Elektromotor, vorzugweise ein Getriebe und eine Gelenkwelle zugeordnet ist, jedes Rad auf der, der Fahrzeugmitte zugewandten Seite, angetrieben wird, der Elektromotor, das Getriebe und die Gelenkwelle vorzugsweise, wesentlich linienförmig quer zur Fahrzeuglängsachse angeordnet sind, mindestens die Motoren einer Antriebsachse in einem gemeinsamen, wesentlich geschlossenen Gehäuse angeordnet und befestigt sind und das Gehäuse vorzugsweise lösbar mit dem Kraftfahrzeug verbunden ist.
id-JP5001475B1    abstract-バッテリのＳＯＣが低下することを抑えつつバッテリの温度上昇を抑えること。   バッテリ１５の温度を検出する温度センサ２０と、温度センサ２０が所定の温度以上、または所定の温度を超えるバッテリ１５の温度を検出したときには、減速時の回生発電中に、エンジン１０と電動機１３とを接続するように制御するハイブリッドＥＣＵ１８と、を有し、ハイブリッドＥＣＵ１８は、ハイブリッド自動車１の減速時のギア段数に応じて所定の温度を設定するようにする。 【選択図】図４
id-WO2012095595A3    abstract-Véhicule (2) comprenant une pluralité de sources (6,8,10) d'énergie électrique embarquées et raccordées par un bus de tension (14), ledit véhicule comprenant en outre des moyens de régulation de la tension du bus (14), caractérisé en ce que les moyens de régulation comprennent au moins un supercondensateur (10) raccordé au bus de tension (14), ledit supercondensateur (10) faisant partie de la pluralité de sources.
id-US8989934B2    abstract-The present invention improves fuel efficiency of an engine that is the power source of an auxiliary machine. Configured is a regeneration control device that has a control means that, when a hybrid automobile is stopped, the accelerator is in a closed state, and the auxiliary machine is in an operating state, and when the indicated value for the amount of fuel injection of the engine is equal to or more than a predetermined threshold, or the indicated value exceed the threshold, causes a driving mode wherein the engine and an electric motor cooperate during deceleration after the hybrid automobile has started moving.
id-KR101248115B1    abstract-본 발명의 제1 측면에 따르면, 전기 오토바이의 주행에 사용되는 에너지를 회수하는 방법으로서, 상기 전기 오토바이의 주행 속도를 감지하는 단계; 상기 전기 오토바이의 주행 상태를 판단하는 단계; 상기 전기 오토바이가 주행 속도가 가속되면 슈퍼캡의 전원을 방전시키는 단계; 상기 전기 오토바이가 일정 속도로 주행시에는 상기 슈퍼캡의 전원을 단속하고 배터리의 전원을 방전시키는 단계; 및 상기 전기 오토바이가 속도가 감속되면 회수 에너지를 상기 슈퍼캡과 상기 배터리에 순차적으로 충전하는 단계; 를 포함하는 전기 오토바이의 에너지 회수 방법을 제공한다.  본 발명은 전기 오토바이의 주행시 주행로의 경사각과 전기 오토바이의 가속과 감속을 감지하여 회수 에너지의 충방전이 이루어지도록 한다.
id-KR101239629B1    abstract-단변속기의 에너지를 저장하는 플라이휠을 기계적으로 연결한 회생제동장치를 제공함으로써, 운전 조건에 따른 제한이 없을 뿐만 아니라 주변 전자파 간섭 등을 미연에 방지할 수 있고, 구조가 단순하기 때문에 신뢰성 및 안전성이 매우 우수하여 차량의 연비 개선 및 에너지 효율을 향상시킬 수 있는 무단변속기와 플라이휠을 이용한 기계적 회생제동장치가 개시되어 있다. 본 발명에 따른 회생제동장치는 드라이빙 모터와 연결되어 회전하는 무단 변속기의 원동축에 착탈 가능하게 배치된다. 이러한 회생제동장치는, 차량 제동 시 차량이 가지고 있는 운동에너지를 저장하는 플라이 휠, 및 차량 주행 시에는 무단 변속기의 원동축에서 플라이 휠을 분리시키고, 차량 제동 시에는 원동축에 플라이 휠을 연결시키는 탈착수단으로 이루어진다.
id-KR101241337B1    abstract-페릴렌 코팅층을 이용하는 PDMS 기반의 유연성 전극 및 그 제조 방법이 개시된다. 보다 상세하게는, 본 발명은 PDMS 기판의 상부에 형성되는 페릴렌(parylene) 코팅층 및 페릴렌 코팅층의 상부에 미리 결정된 패턴으로 형성되는 금속 패턴을 포함하는 것으로, 탄성 중합체인 PDMS에 직접 금속을 도포하여 금속 패턴을 생성하는 경우 금속 도포 공정에서 발생하는 에너지에 의해 금속 패턴에 크랙이 발생하는 것을 방지할 수 있는 유연성 전극 및 그 제조 방법에 관한 것이다.
id-KR20120084851A    abstract-본 발명은 가선을 통하여 에너지를 전달받는 차량에 설치된 차상용 에너지 회수공급장치 및 이를 포함하는 전동차에 관한 것이다. 본 발명에 따른 차상용 에너지 회수공급장치는 가선 입력단에 연결된 IGBT(Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor) 타입의 제1 스위치부, 상기 제1 스위치부에 직렬 연결된 IGBT 타입의 제2 스위치부, 일단이 상기 제1 스위치부와 상기 제2 스위치부의 연결단에 연결된 인덕터부, 상기 인덕터부의 타단에 연결된 에너지 저장부 및 상기 가선 입력단의 전압 레벨에 따라 상기 제1 스위치부 및 상기 제2 스위치부의 온오프를 제어하여 상기 가선 입력단을 통해 공급된 에너지가 상기 에너지 저장부에 충전되도록 제어하거나 상기 에너지 저장부에 충전된 에너지가 상기 가선 입력단으로 공급되도록 제어하는 제어부를 포함하여 구성된다. 본 발명에 따르면, 전동차에 가해지는 전기 제동에 의해 발생하는 회생에너지를 전동차 자체에 구비되어 있는 에너지 저장수단에 저장하고, 전동차의 운행 상황에 따라 이 에너지를 외부 가선으로 전달함으로써, 전동차의 운행에 필요한 에너지의 소모량이 저감되는 효과가 있다.
id-US10099560B2    abstract-A system for maintaining a selected speed of a vehicle is provided. The vehicle is powered in part by an electric motor and a battery. The electric motor is operable to drive in either a driving state or a charging state. In the charging state the polarity of the electric motor is modified so as to slow the vehicle down and supply power to the battery. A load bank is provided. The load bank is in electrical communication with the electric motor. The controller is further operable to direct power from the electric motor to the load bank when the electric motor is in the charging state.
id-KR20120088217A    abstract-본 발명의 제2 측면에 따르면, 전기 오토바이의 주행에 사용되는 에너지를 회수하여 충전하는 방법으로서, 상기 전기 오토바이의 구동부에서의 회수 에너지의 출력을 감지하는 단계; 상기 회수 에너지의 전압을 측정하는 단계; 상기 전압을 배터리의 충전 전압과 비교하는 단계; 상기 전압이 상기 충전 전압과 같거나 높으면 충전하는 단계; 및 상기 전압이 상기 충전 전압보다 낮으면 상기 충전 전압으로 승압하는 단계; 를 포함하는 전기 오토바이의 에너지 회수 방법을 제공한다. 본 발명은, 모터 또는 발전기로서 작용하는 전기 오토바이의 구동부에서 발생되는 회수 에너지의 전압을 배터리의 충전 전압으로 승압시켜 회수 에너지의 사용 효율이 증가되도록 한다.
id-CN102632809B    abstract-公开了一种电动汽车和控制有功辅助电池损耗的方法。电动汽车包括牵引电池、辅助电池和控制器。控制器被配置为当辅助电池具有大于最小能量的能量时阻止牵引电池对辅助电池充电。控制器还被配置为：当辅助电池具有最小能量时，使牵引电池对辅助电池充电，从而辅助电池被维持在最小能量。
id-US9160184B2    abstract-A conventional vehicular charging port (or inlet) is geometrically different from a power supply plug of general electrical equipment, and the power supply plug cannot directly be connected to the inlet. The present invention provides an adapter ( 800 ) including a first connection portion ( 801 ) that corresponds in geometry to an inlet ( 270 ) and a second connection portion ( 805 ) that corresponds in geometry to a power supply plug of electrical equipment ( 700 ) external to a vehicle. Furthermore, the adapter ( 800 ) includes a second control device ( 850 ) capable of outputting a signal to a first control device ( 170 ) of the vehicle. When the first connection portion ( 801 ) is connected to the inlet ( 270 ), the second control device ( 850 ) outputs a power supply instruction signal, which is indicative of an instruction to supply electric power, to the first control device ( 170 ) to cause the first control device ( 170 ) to control a power conversion device ( 160 ) of the vehicle to supply electric power from the power conversion device ( 160 ) to the electrical equipment ( 700 ). Thus the power supply plug of the electrical equipment ( 700 ) can be connected to the vehicle to supply electric power from the vehicle to the electrical equipment ( 700 ).
id-US9010468B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle driving device including an engine drive system transmitting a drive force of an engine to a transmission through a one-way clutch and transmitting a drive force after shifting by the transmission to a rear wheel and a motor drive system transmitting a drive force of a motor to the rear wheel, the drive force of the motor of the motor drive system is joined to a point upstream the transmission and downstream the one-way clutch in the engine drive system. The transmission includes a twin clutch capable of shifting between neighboring shift gears by alternately switching the connection state of a clutch on one side and a clutch on the other side, and is automatically shifted to produce an optional rotational speed and motor torque at which the electric power generation efficiency becomes high at the time of regeneration control of the motor.
id-JP5478743B2    abstract-
id-US9014897B2    abstract-A torque distribution apparatus acquires instructed torque input and a motor efficiency map; detects vehicular speed and drive wheel rotational speed; calculates based on the speeds, a relational expression of a slip rate at drive wheels and a friction coefficient; creates based on the relational expression, a performance curve expression that indicates torque-drive wheel rotational speed relations, superimposes the performance curve expression on the motor efficiency map, creates an efficiency variation expression that indicates for each vehicular speed, the torque and efficiency values of the motor efficiency map, and calculates torque that optimizes efficiency, from the efficiency variation expression; calculates within a range of the slip rate being 0 to 0.2 and based on the instructed torque and torque optimizing efficiency, a torque distribution value for each of the motors such that total efficiency ηtotal=Σ((Tn/T)×ηdn×ηλn) is maximized; and controls based on the calculated torque distribution values, torque distribution among motors.
id-CN103380041B    abstract-一种用于在具有混合驱动装置或电驱动装置的机动车中控制回收性能的方法，其中待用于回收的回收力矩的基本值被预定和/或能借助于至少一个第一操作元件（7）调节，其中，应用第二操作元件（11）来调节与所述基本值偏离的、用于所述回收力矩的中间值，其中在由操作者临时地调节中间值之后，特别是至少对于下一个滑行阶段，应用所述中间值作为回收力矩，随后在满足复位条件时重新返回到所述基本值。
id-US9077272B2    abstract-A slewing-type working machine includes: an electric storage device capable of being charged with regenerative electric power for regenerating slewing energy of an upper slewing body while functioning as an electric power source for an electric slewing motor; an electric storage device and electric storage device controller detecting whether the electric storage device is under a normal condition with sufficient capacity to regenerate the slewing energy or under an abnormal condition without sufficient capacity; and a controller controlling a velocity of the electric slewing motor based on a result of detection by the electric storage device and electric storage device controller, wherein the controller performs a velocity limiting control for limiting a maximum velocity of the electric slewing motor when the electric storage device is under the abnormal condition.
id-JP5218576B2    abstract-
id-RU2542849C1    abstract-Изобретение относится к системам привода транспортных средств. Блок управления для системы привода транспортного средства, в которой содержится двигатель внутреннего сгорания; электрический двигатель; аккумуляторная батарея и передаточный механизм, при этом блок управления включает в себя первую многомерную регулировочную характеристику, в которой область разрешения привода устанавливается согласно состоянию заряда  аккумуляторной батареи, и вторую многомерную регулировочную характеристику, в которой область разрешения привода первой многомерной регулировочной характеристики сужена. Управление приводом выполняется посредством выбора второй многомерной регулировочной характеристики, когда компрессор кондиционирования воздуха приводится в действие. В другом варианте управление приводом выполняется посредством выбора первой многомерной регулировочной характеристики, когда привод от двигателя внутреннего сгорания переключается на привод от электрического двигателя в результате вхождения состояния заряда в область разрешения привода от электродвигателя. Снижается потребление электроэнергии. 2 н. и 12 з.п. ф-лы, 16 ил.
id-US20130307320A1    abstract-An object of the present invention is to remove adverse effects on an in-wheel motor driving apparatus due to the existence of moisture in the apparatus. There is provided an in-wheel motor driving apparatus in which a driving apparatus for generating driving force of a wheel having a wheel hub bearing section is provided in the wheel, the in-wheel motor driving apparatus, wherein a portion of the driving apparatus, except the wheel hub bearing section, is housed in a case having a sealed structure and thereby the inside of the driving apparatus is blocked from outside air, and air in the case is replaced with inert gas as required. As a result, dew condensation is prevented in the case, and adverse effects due to the existence of moisture in the case are removed.
id-US20120211291A1    abstract-An electric car system for use in transporting users from one location to another at speeds of up to 70 MPH. Electric car system comprises a frame, a steering system, a braking system, a suspension system, and a body. An electronic drive system controller is located near the operator's controls comprising a touch screen for selecting forward, reverse, and security movement lock position(s). The drive assembly comprises at least one accessory battery charged by an accessory alternator, at least one drive assembly battery charged by a drive assembly alternator, and an electric drive motor. The accessory battery powers car accessories and provides redundant electricity to the drive assembly battery when needed. The drive assembly battery provides power to the electric drive motor. The electric drive motor provides torque to two half shafts which couple to front axles and front rotatable wheels in front-wheel drive versions.
id-DE102012001767A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Steuern eines Hybridantriebsstrangs, der eine elektrische Maschine und eine Kraftmaschine aufweist, bereitgestellt. Das Verfahren umfasst, dass eine angeforderte Leistung und eine überschüssige Leistung für den Hybridantriebsstrang bestimmt werden. Die angeforderte Leistung erfüllt im Wesentlichen die Bedürfnisse des Hybridantriebsstrangs. Die überschüssige Leistung ist von Null verschieden und nicht in der bestimmten angeforderten Leistung enthalten. Das Verfahren umfasst auch, dass die überschüssige Leistung mit der elektrischen Maschine absorbiert wird.
id-JP2012175764A    abstract-【課題】非接触充電の受電側と給電側との位置決めを容易かつ的確に行なうことができるように支援して、運転者の負担を軽減する。 【解決手段】電気自動車１０は、路面を含む進行方向の実映像を撮影するリアカメラ３４と、車室内に設けられ、少なくともリアカメラ３４で撮影された実映像、及び受電位置を含む車両床下の路面方向の擬似映像を映写する表示装置３８と、表示装置３８の表示画面に表示された実映像上で路面上に配置された送信アンテナ１８の位置が進行方向の車体端部に到達した時点において、給電位置画像を擬似映像に合成する擬似映像生成部と、擬似映像上で給電位置画像を進行方向に対応して追従させる追従部とを備える。 【選択図】図１
id-WO2012111083A1    abstract-制御手段（１７）は、アクセル操作量と車速とに基づいて基本目標駆動力を算出する基本目標駆動力算出手段（１７Ａ）と、ブレーキ操作量に基づいて回生制動力を算出する回生制動力算出手段（１７Ｂ）と、基本目標駆動力を第１の変化率（α）で制限する駆動力制限手段（１７Ｃ）と、回生制動力を第２の変化率（β）で制限する回生制動力制限手段（１７Ｄ）と、駆動力制限手段（１７Ｃ）により制限された基本目標駆動力と回生制動力制限手段（１７Ｄ）により制限された回生制動力とを加算してモータ（４、５）から発生させる目標駆動力とする目標駆動力算出手段（１７Ｆ）とを備えている。　これにより、運転者の制動要求・駆動要求に応じた応答性を確保しつつ、制動力・駆動力の急変によるショック等の発生を防止できる。
id-US20120212161A1    abstract-An electromechanical device includes a first drive member having a magnetic coil, a second drive member capable of moving relatively to the first drive member, and a control section adapted to drive the magnetic coil and to perform regeneration of energy from the magnetic coil when decelerating the second drive member, and the control section includes a first regeneration mode of setting a first regenerative interval centered on a zero crossing point of an induced voltage caused in the magnetic coil, and performing the regeneration.
id-US20120211286A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a hybrid variant automobile drive which improves a fuel efficiency of the automobile while retaining an acceleration profile of the automobile. In one embodiment, the present invention includes an engine, wheels, and/or a supplemental motor. The engine primarily drives the wheels, but can be aided by the supplemental motor. An amount of force supplied by the engine can be dependent on an amount of force supplied by the supplemental motor. The supplemental motor uses alternative energy sources aside from the fuel used by the engine to drive the wheels. The supplemental motor can be powered by a capacitor which is charged by an energy generation unit. The energy generation unit can generate energy using, for example, solar panels, a ram induction generator, a regenerative braking unit, and/or a heat exchange unit.
id-US20140058640A1    abstract-A control unit ( 17 ) includes a regenerative coordination control unit ( 17 D) and a vehicle speed calculation unit ( 17 E). The regenerative coordination control unit ( 17 D) performs a regeneration cooperative control to distribute the hydraulic braking force and the regenerative braking force. The vehicle speed calculation unit ( 17 E) calculates a vehicle speed. The control unit ( 17 ) calculates a basic target driving force based on: an amount of accelerator operation detected by an accelerator operation amount detecting unit ( 32 ), and the vehicle speed calculated by the vehicle speed calculation unit ( 17 E), and adds a value corresponding to the regenerative braking force distributed by the regenerative coordination control unit ( 17 D) to the basic target driving force, thus obtaining a target driving force to be generated by motors ( 4  and  5 ).      This reduces a creep driving force during vehicle running corresponding to a brake operation of a driver to reduce power consumption.
id-WO2012112145A1    abstract-A control interface for drivetrain braking provided by a regenerative brake and a nonregenerative brake is implemented using a combination of switches and graphic interface elements. The control interface comprises a control system for allocating drivetrain braking effort between the regenerative brake and the non-regenerative brake, a first operator actuated control for enabling operation of the drivetrain braking, and a second operator actuated control for selecting a target braking effort for drivetrain braking. A graphic display displays to an operator the selected target braking effort and can be used to further display actual braking effort achieved by drivetrain braking.
id-WO2012108001A1    abstract-前後輪駆動車両の回生制動時において車両挙動の安定性を向上させることができる前後輪駆動車両用の駆動制御装置を提供する。　回生制動トルク決定手段１３２は、制御カップリング装置５４のトルク伝達制限時には、第２電動機Ｍ２の回生制動トルクＴgrを非トルク伝達制限時よりも小さく設定する。また、上記トルク伝達制限時に、第２電動機Ｍ２の回生制動トルクＴgrが上記非トルク伝達制限時と変わらないとすれば、その非トルク伝達制限時と比較して後側駆動輪３２がスリップし車両挙動が不安定になり易い。従って、制御カップリング装置５４のトルク伝達制限時が加味されずに第２電動機Ｍ２の回生制動トルクＴgrが発生させられる場合と比較して、車両６の回生制動時において車両挙動の安定性を向上させることができる。特に、このような効果は、例えば低μ路にて顕著なものになる。
id-WO2012105022A1    abstract-Ｓ１０においてシフトレンジがＲレンジ以外であると判定されると（Ｓ１０にてＮＯ）、ＥＣＵは、前進走行用のシステム電圧を設定する（Ｓ２０）。一方、Ｓ１０においてシフトレンジがＲレンジであると判定されると（Ｓ１０にてＹＥＳ）、ＥＣＵは、後進走行用のシステム電圧を設定する（Ｓ３０）。後進走行用のシステム電圧は、車両に対する加速要求の大きさが同じ場合の前進走行用のシステム電圧よりも高くなるように設定される。
id-CN102971180B    abstract-在包括对接受架线电力的供给而行驶的车辆的再生电力进行蓄电并且向架线供给电力的蓄电单元、以及与该蓄电单元不同的电力的供给系统即其它电力供给系统的综合电力供给设备的架线交通系统中，基于其它电力供给系统的电力供给负载率γ确定其它电力供给系统的整流器的性能，以使综合电力供给设备的成本值小于目标成本值。
id-EP2677658A4    abstract-
id-DE102011004357A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Energiespeichers zur Versorgung eines Fahrzeugs mit Hybridantrieb mit elektrischer Energie, wobei ein Laden des Energiespeichers durch einen Verbrennungsmotor und/oder beim Bremsen durch kinetische Fahrzeugenergie über einen als Generator verwendeten Elektromotor und ein Entladen des Energiespeichers zum Versorgen des Elektromotors und/oder von Elektronikkomponenten des Fahrzeugs derart erfolgt, dass der Energiespeicher bei einem zwischen einem unteren Ladezustand und einem oberen Ladezustand liegenden aktuellen Ladungszustand betrieben wird. Erfindungsgemäß wird der untere und/oder aktuelle Ladungszustand des Energiespeichers abhängig von einer gemessenen aktuellen oder gemittelten Temperatur und/oder von einem aktuellen Datum und/oder einer Tageszeit gesteuert.
id-FR2971460A1    abstract-Système et procédé de freinage pour un véhicule automobile équipé d'un système de traction électrique ou hybride, et comportant un module de pédale de freinage découplée, un module de freinage hydraulique, un module de freinage électrique utilisé pour la récupération d'énergie électrique lors d'un freinage effectué par le système de traction électrique, ledit module de freinage découplé comprenant une pédale de frein et des moyens de commande du système de freinage hydraulique et du module de freinage électrique, caractérisé en ce que le système comprend des moyens de mesure d'au moins un paramètre lié à ladite pédale, et des moyens de limitation (ML) de la récupération d'énergie électrique par le module de freinage électrique.
id-EP2492132A3    abstract-In conventional techniques, it is necessary to use a storage element having a large capacitance such as a lithium-ion battery and there are the problems of reduction in capacitance and cost of the system. Using a capacitor as a storage element, a path of a current flowing in a direction in which the capacitor is discharged is provided by a charge/discharge device in addition to a path of a current flowing in a direction in which the capacitor is charged by a high speed-range electric braking function, whereby a current corresponding to a difference in potential between a regenerative current (current flowing in the direction in which the capacitor is charged) and a chopper current from the charge/discharge device (current flowing in the direction in which the capacitor is discharged) is made to flow in the capacitor 7.
id-DE102011011134B8    abstract-
id-WO2012108000A1    abstract-ケーブル収容装置は、電流が流れる電力線（２２）と、流れる電流量が電力線（２２）よりも少ない低電流線（２３）と、電力線（２２）および低電流線（２３）を被覆する絶縁部材（２４）とを含むケーブル（２０）と、外周面にケーブル（２０）が巻回され、回転可能に設けられた回転軸（３４）と、回転軸（３４）に設けられ、回転軸（３４）に巻回されたケーブル（２０）を支持する支持部材（３６）とを備え、電力線（２２）は、絶縁部材（２４）と支持部材（３６）との接触位置と隣り合うように配置され、低電流線（２３）は、電力線（２２）に対して接触位置と反対側に配置される。
id-KR20120094377A    abstract-본 발명은 전기자동차의 회생 제동에 의한 구동전력 관리 모듈 및 그 방법에 관한 것으로, 주행시 전기자동차에 구동력을 전달하는 구동모터와, 상기 구동모터에 전력을 제공하는 메인 배터리와, 상기 전기자동차의 제동시 또는 감속시 상기 구동모터로부터 발생되는 전기를 축전하고 상기 메인 배터리를 충전시키는 보조 배터리와, 상기 전기자동차가 주행할 때 상기 구동모터를 메인 배터리와 연결시키고 상기 전기자동차가 제동 또는 감속할 때 상기 구동모터를 상기 보조 배터리와 연결시키는 절환 유니트를 포함하는 모듈을 이용하여, 전기자동차의 주행시에 구동모터의 가동에 필요한 전력을 메인 배터리로부터 공급받고 전기자동차의 제동 또는 감속시에 구동모터로부터 발생되는 전기를 보조 배터리에 축전하는 일련의 선택적인 동작을 전기자동차의 운행 상태에 따라 반복하는 일반 관리 단계와, 상기 메인 배터리를 구성하는 복수의 배터리 셀 중 내부 저항값이 설정범위보다 큰 배터리 셀에 상기 보조 배터리를 연결시켜 축전된 전력을 공급하면서 상기 배터리 셀을 충전하는 전력 조정 단계를 포함하며, 상기 전력 조정 단계에서는 상기 구동모터는 상기 메인 배터리와 연결되고, 상기 일반 관리 단계와 상기 전력 조정 단계는 반복되는 것이다.
id-US8521350B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle includes: a charge control portion that adjusts an upper limit of charging power to a battery to prevent a negative electrode potential of the battery from dropping to a lithium reference potential, based on a charge/discharge history of the battery; a braking control portion that detects a sharing ratio between hydraulic braking force by a braking device and regenerative braking force for desired braking force according to a brake pedal depression amount so that a motor generator generates a regenerative braking force within a range of the adjusted upper limit of charging power; and a setting portion that variably sets, according to the hydraulic response rate detected by the detection portion, a degree of limitation of the upper limit when restricting charging current to the battery by restricting the upper limit.
id-JP5578274B2    abstract-
id-CN103442931B    abstract-本发明涉及一种电动机驱动装置，为在电动汽车等中控制电动机(6)的驱动的机构，该电动机(6)以电动机等的电池作为电源，本发明的电动机驱动装置(20)包括：连接方式切换电路，该连接方式切换电路为在通过电池的电力而驱动电动机(6)的驱动用连接方式和再生用连接方式之间进行切换的变频器(31)等，变频器(31)设置成可切换到使电动机线圈短路并产生制动力的短路连接方式的结构，进一步包括：短路电流控制机构(26)，该短路电流控制机构(26)控制在上述短路连接方式流动的短路电流；再生制动和短路制动切换控制机构(25)，该再生制动和短路制动切换控制机构(25)将上述变频器(31)在再生用连接方式和短路连接方式之间切换。
id-US9614379B2    abstract-An adapter includes a signal generation unit. By connection between the adapter and a plug of a charging cable used when performing external charging with electric power from an external power supply, the signal generation unit supplies a signal instructing power feeding to a vehicle. In response to the signal instructing power feeding, the vehicle drives a power conversion device, thereby supplying electric power from the vehicle to an external electrical device through the charging cable.
id-US9126599B2    abstract-An electric vehicle including a plurality of motors for individually driving left and right drive wheels is provided with a motor abnormality detector for detecting the occurrence of an abnormality in each of the motors and one side abnormality response controller. The one side abnormality response controller controls, when an abnormality other than a motor stoppage is detected the motor in the wheel of either one of the left and right, which are arranged at the same forward or rearward position of the vehicle, by the motor abnormality detector, the motor for the other wheel to approach the same condition as that of the motor in which the abnormality has been detected.
id-US9296291B2    abstract-An electric vehicle having an in-wheel motor drive system including: a wheel bearing unit rotatably supporting a drive wheel; a motor unit; and a reducer unit interposed between the motor unit and the wheel bearing unit, a motor torque command value Tmr being calculated from: (i) an estimate ^Te of external force influence on the drive wheel, which is estimated from the motor torque command value Tmr and a rotational frequency ω1 of a driven wheel; and (ii) a correction value Tc which is calculated from a rotational frequency ω2 of the drive wheel, an accelerator signal Tr and the estimate ^Tc.
id-JP5633631B2    abstract-
id-ES2392079B1    abstract-Sistema y procedimiento de control de carga de baterías desde el sistema eléctrico ferroviario.#Utiliza la potencia de subestaciones eléctricas (2) que alimentan una red de catenarias (1) y la energía de frenado que los trenes vierten a la red de catenarias (1), para alimentar masivamente equipos de carga de baterías de vehículos (8) desde la catenaria (1), desde un dispositivo de almacenamiento de energía (5) o desde ambos, en función de la potencia demandada por los equipos (8), de la potencia almacenada en el dispositivo (5), y de la potencia de catenaria (1), siempre que la demanda de potencia de catenaria de los trenes sea abastecida. Además permite cargar el dispositivo (5) cuando la potencia demandada por los equipos (8) es menor que la de catenaria (1); todo ello sin que afecte al servicio ferroviario.
id-CN102673406B    abstract-本发明涉及混合动力和纯电池电力推进混合动力车辆的一致里程计算。具体地，系统和方法用于确定电动混合动力车辆的燃料消耗和行驶里程，例如电动混合动力燃料电池车辆。方法包括将电池的输出电流转换到虚拟消耗的燃料消耗流值，然后将虚拟消耗的燃料消耗流值加到实际消耗的燃料值以得到总消耗的燃料值，其然后除以车辆行驶的距离以得到车辆的燃料消耗。方法还包括将电池的SOC转换到虚拟可用的燃料值，然后将虚拟可用的燃料值加到实际可用的燃料值以得到总可用的燃料值，其然后除以燃料消耗以得到车辆的行驶里程。
id-US9190831B2    abstract-A power supply system has a power storage device and an ECU, and supplies driving electric power to a load device. The power storage device includes an interrupting device configured to interrupt a conduction path of the power storage device. The load device includes a voltage sensor for detecting a voltage applied to the load device, and supply of electric power from the load device to the power storage device is stopped in response to a failure of the voltage sensor. Where the voltage sensor has failed, the ECU determines presence or absence of activation of the interrupting device, based on a variation length of an actual current that is input to or output from the power storage device and a variation length of a command current set in accordance with requested electric power requested based on a user's operation.
id-US9073449B2    abstract-An efficiency map generating apparatus ( 100 ) generates an efficiency map of motors (M) connected to drive wheels of a mobile body and includes an instructed torque detecting unit ( 111 ) that detects an instructed torque input for the multiple motors (M), a torque distributing unit ( 112 ) that distributes torque to each of the multiple motors (M) based on the instructed torque, a power consumption detecting unit ( 113 ) that detects power consumption of the motors (M), a rotation count detecting unit ( 103 ) that detects the rotation counts of the motors (M), and an efficiency map generating unit ( 114 ) that generates a motor efficiency map ( 115 ) based on the torque in multiple combinations, the power consumption, and the rotation counts, where the torque distributing unit ( 112 ) causes any of the multiple motors (M) to generate regenerative torque.
id-US20140009092A1    abstract-An equalizing apparatus that includes discharging circuitry and charging circuitry. The discharging circuitry includes a plurality of discharging sections corresponding to the plurality of battery cells in the plurality of battery cell groups. The charging circuitry includes a first coil, a switching device, a plurality of second coils, a plurality of switching devices, and a plurality of diodes. Each of the plurality of second coils, switching devices, and diodes corresponds to a battery cell group. The first coil and second coil form a transformer.
id-US9096224B2    abstract-The clutch control device for a hybrid vehicle comprises an engine, an automated manual transmission, a clutch device and a clutch actuator concluding an output rod and a master cylinder which generates a hydraulic pressure therein by closing an idle port in response to the stroke of the output rod, a slave cylinder in fluid communication with the master cylinder through a passage and controlling the clutch device to be in engagement state or disengagement state operated by the hydraulic pressure generated by the master cylinder and a clutch engagement state holding control portion for temporarily holding the clutch device to be in the engagement state by operating the master cylinder to close the idle port after the engagement state under the vehicle being running under a motor drive mode continued for a predetermined time.
id-CN102780442A    abstract-一种包括电动机和控制器的电动机装置，所述电动机包括：具有多个线圈绕组的定子，以及具有多个永磁体的转子；所述控制器被配置为控制流经所述多个线圈绕组的电流以在所述转子上产生制动扭矩；所述电流是由表示在两坐标时间不变系统中的定子电流矢量来定义的，该系统具有旋转的由正交电流分量组成的正交轴以及由直流分量组成的直轴；所述控制器被配置为改变所述的正交电流分量和所述的直流分量，以致所述电动机的输入电能是大于或等于零。
id-US20130342156A1    abstract-A balance correcting circuit is prevented from moving charges from a low-voltage electricity storage cell to a high-voltage electricity storage cell in a electricity storage system. The balance correcting circuit includes an inductor, a first switching device, a second switching device, and a control signal generating unit that supplies a control signal to the first and second switching devices to turn on and off the first and second switching devices so that the first switching device and the second switching device are alternately turned on and off. The control signal generating unit stops generating the control signal when receiving a state transition signal indicating that the electricity storage system transitions to and temporarily stays in a charging state while the electricity storage system is operating.
id-JP5298152B2    abstract-
id-WO2012137278A1    abstract-車両（１００）は、走行の駆動力を出力するためのモータジェネレータ（１３０）と、モータジェネレータ（１３０）を駆動するためのＰＣＵ（１２０）と、ＰＣＵ（１２０）を制御するためのＥＣＵ（３００）とを備える。ＥＣＵ（３００）は、車両（１００）の駆動輪（１５０）が路面の段差を乗り越える状態であることを検出する。ＥＣＵ（３００）は、段差を乗り越える状態を検出したことに応答して、車両（１００）の走行速度の上限値を、段差を乗り越える状態が検出されていないときよりも低い値に制限してＰＣＵ（１２０）を制御する。
id-CN103444072A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于在一短路运行中运行电机（24）的方法，特别是用于应用在一机动车中，其特征在于下列步骤：探测所述电机（24）的至少一个第一和第二相电流，将所探测到的相电流与各至少一个参考值进行比较，并且当所述相电流中的至少一个相电流不与各参考值（110、118）一致时，输出一故障报告（58）。
id-KR101272515B1    abstract-본 발명은 전기자동차의 오토크루즈 제어(ACC) 방법에 관한 것으로서, 회생제동이 이루어지는 전기자동차에 오토크루즈 제어 기능을 적용함에 있어서 오토크루즈 제어 기능과 회생제동 기능의 통합된 제어를 통하여 연비 향상을 극대화할 수 있는 전기자동차의 오토크루즈 제어 방법을 제공하는데 그 목적이 있다.   상기한 목적을 달성하기 위해, 전기자동차에서 오토크루즈 제어 작동 중 제어기의 제어에 의해 선행차와의 차간 거리 및 차속을 포함하는 주행 정보에 기초하여 선행차와의 설정된 차간 거리가 유지될 수 있도록 하는 차량 제동이 실시되되, 차량 제동 시점에서 모터 발전 및 배터리 충전이 이루어지는 회생제동이 초기 유압제동 없이 바로 실시되어 회생제동에 의한 차량 제동이 이루어지도록 하는 것을 특징으로 하는 전기자동차의 오토크루즈 제어 방법이 개시된다.
id-JP5722683B2    abstract-
id-WO2012130522A3    abstract-Der Erfindung liegt die Aufgabe zugrunde, ein Verfahren und ein System zur Bereitstellung von elektrischer Energie für ein Eisenbahnnetzwerk befahrende Schienenfahrzeuge anzugeben, die sich an einer bedarfsgerechten Bevorratung und Auslegung der elektrischen Leistungsbereitstellung orientieren und somit helfen, Investitionen in entsprechende Hardware einzusparen.. Diese Aufgabe wird erfindungsgemäss durch ein Verfahren und ein System zur Bereitstellung von elektrischer Energie für ein Eisenbahnnetzwerk befahrende Schienenfahrzeuge gelöst, umfassend : a) Ermitteln der aktuell fahrenden Schienenfahrzeuge und Erfassen ihrer Fahrparameter, wie z.B. Geschwindigkeit, Lastaufnahme, Beladung und dergleichen; b) Ermitteln des Lastzustandes und/oder Lastverteilung im Eisenbahnnetzwerk; und c) Anheben der Geschwindigkeit mindestens eines Schienenfahrzeugs über eine fahrplanmässig vorgesehene Reisegeschwindigkeit im Falle einer unterhalb eines Lastoptimums gelegenen Lastzustandes und/oder Lastverteilung und/oder Absenken der Geschwindigkeit mindestens eines Schienenfahrzeugs zur rekuperativen Einspeisung von elektrischer Energie im Falle eines oberhalb eines Lastoptimums gelegenen Lastzustandes und/oder Lastverteilung. Auf diese Weise wird es unter Einsatz einer bereichsweise arbeitenden Netzsteuerungseinheit erreicht, dass die fahrenden Züge selbst als Energiespeicher durch Erhöhen der Geschwindigkeit und/oder als Energiequelle durch das Absenken der Geschwindigkeit genutzt werden können. Ausser einem zusätzlichen Aufwand in die Steuerung dieser Erhöhungen und Absenkungen erfordert diese Lösung keine zusätzlichen Investitionen in entsprechende Hardware, weil moderne Züge heutzutage in der Regel über Wirbelstrombremsen verfügen und somit rekuperativ Energie in die Versorgungsleistung zurückspeisen können.
id-CN102166962A    abstract-本发明公开一种纯电动汽车的制动能量回馈控制系统，本发明采用电气制动和机械制动两种类型的结合，电气制动是通过控制电机工作在发电状态来实现的，机械制动通过电子制动系统来实现。整车控制单元为制动能量回馈控制系统的核心控制单元，整车控制单元用于计算电机所需的制动力矩和电子制动系统所需的制动力，并分别向电机控制器控制电路和电子制动系统发送控制命令。本发明既能满足车辆在各种工况下的制动要求，又可保证车辆运行的平稳性和车辆制动减速的平滑性，同时又能使制动能量得到最有效的回收，提高整车能量的使用效率。
id-JP5774336B2    abstract-
id-CN103493360B    abstract-一种陆地交通工具的驱动系统（DS），包括：用于驱动陆地交通工具的电机系统(Ml,M2)，电机系统包括作用于共同的驱动轴（S）上的用于驱动陆地交通工具的至少第一和第二电机(Ml,M2)，和控制装置(PE,PE1,PE2)，其适用于控制电机系统在具有不同驱动轴（S）转速的至少两个转速操作范围（OR1，OR2）内运行。第一电机(M1)在两个转速操作范围（OR1，OR2）内受控运行以提供第一驱动扭矩，第二电机(M2)仅在一个转速操作范围（OR1）内受控运行以提供除了第一驱动扭矩之外的第二驱动扭矩。
id-EP3029823B1    abstract-
id-WO2012128770A1    abstract-A vehicle has a electrical machine which functions as a generator during regenerative braking or as a traction motor. Traction batteries both receive power from and supply power to the electrical machine. The vehicle has brakes which supplement braking capacity of the machine. The power source for the brakes is pneumatic which operates as an accessory using a compressor motor. Power for the compressor motor comes from the batteries or from the electrical machine. The compressor motor can operate as a power sink allowing the machine to provide braking beyond capacity of the traction batteries to absorb power by allowing the pneumatic system to discharge air to atmosphere during braking. Controls allow operation of purge valve in response to moisture conditions in air tanks and operation of compressor to charge tanks in response to compressed air usage rates or pressure levels.
id-JPWO2012132435A1    abstract-回生制動力発生時の電気エネルギによる素子の破損を防止すること。車両用電源装置（１００）において、電動機（１０８）は、車両（１０）の運動エネルギを電気エネルギに変換して回生制動力を発生させ、インバータ（１０３）は、電動機（１０８）が出力する交流の電気エネルギを直流の電気エネルギに変換する。変換された直流の電気エネルギは、第１スイッチ（１０５ａ，１０５ｂ）、第２スイッチ（１０７ａ，１０７ｂ）を介して蓄電池（１０６）に蓄積される。制御部（１０９）は、電動機（１０８）での回生制動力の発生により電気エネルギが蓄電池に蓄積される可能性があるときに、第２スイッチ（１０７ａ，１０７ｂ）をオンにする。
id-KR20120105088A    abstract-본 발명은 전기철도시스템의 에너지 공급과 운영을 최적화하기 위하여 에너지저장장치에 의한 회생에너지의 운영 및 에너지저장장치, 전동차 및 변전시스템간의 연계를 통해 전기철도시스템의 최대 에너지 절감을 위하여 에너지저장장치를 이용한 지능형 에너지 관리 시스템에 관한 것이다.  이와 같은 기술적 과제를 해결하기 위하여 본 발명은 전동차, 상기 전동차에서 발생한 회생에너지를 저장하는 에너지저장장치, 상기 에너지저장장치의 에너지를 제어하는 에너지 관리장치 및 상기 전동차에 에너지를 공급하는 변전소가 형성되고, 상기 전동차, 에너지저장장치, 에너지 관리장치 및 변전소가 연계되어 에너지가 관리되는 에너지저장장치를 이용한 지능형 에너지 관리 시스템을 제공한다.
id-KR20120100480A    abstract-본 발명은 전력 변환기가 없는 회생 에너지 저장 장치에 관한 것으로, 보다 상세하게는 전동차의 회생 제동에 의해 가선으로 되돌려지는 회생 전력을 공급받아 충전하고, 이를 방전하여 다시 전동차에 공급할 수 있는 전력 변환기를 사용하지 않는 회생 에너지 저장 장치에 관한 것이다. 이를 위해 본 발명은 변전소로부터의 전력을 전동차에 공급하는 동시에 전동차의 감속시 회생 제동에 의해 발생하는 전기가 되돌려지는 가선; 상기 가선에 전기적으로 연결되어 전력의 입출력이 가능한 적어도 한쌍의 차단부; 상기 한쌍의 차단부의 사이에 전기적으로 연결되어 충전 및 방전이 가능한 전력 저장부; 및 상기 가선의 전압이 제1전압을 초과하면 상기 한쌍의 차단부를 턴온시켜 상기 가선으로부터 전달된 전력에 의해 상기 전력 저장부가 충전되도록 하고, 상기 가선의 전압이 제2전압 미만이면 상기 한쌍의 차단부를 턴온시켜 상기 전력 저장부로부터 상기 가선으로 상기 전력 저장부가 방전되도록 하며, 상기 가선의 전압이 제1전압과 제2전압의 사이이면 상기 한쌍의 차단부를 턴오프하여 상기 전력 저장부의 충전 및 방전이 정지되도록 하는 제어부로 이루어진 전력 변환기가 없는 회생 에너지 저장 장치를 개시한다.
id-JPWO2012120564A1    abstract-エネルギー効率の向上効果を維持しつつ二次電池の劣化を抑制し、二次電池の交換期間を長くすることで車両システム全体のランニングコストの低減を図ることができる二次電池の充電制御システムを備えた二次電池装置を提供する。二次電池と、前記二次電池を搭載した車両と、前記車両の位置を検出する位置検出手段と、前記位置検出手段により検出した前記車両の現在位置において前記二次電池が有する電気量と、前記車両の通過予定位置において前記二次電池が有する予定の電気量と、前記車両の現在位置から通過予定位置までの所要時間とに基づいて算出した電流値により、前記車両の現在位置から通過予定位置まで前記二次電池を充電する制御手段を有する。
id-WO2012133705A1    abstract-旋回用電動機（２１）により旋回体（３）を旋回駆動する。旋回ブレーキ用油圧モータ（４０）を旋回体（３）又は旋回用電動機（２１）に機械的に連結する。旋回ブレーキ用油圧モータ（４０）の吸入ポートと吐出ポートを遮断することで、旋回ブレーキ用油圧モータ（４０）が回転できない状態にし、旋回体（３）にブレーキをかける。
id-KR101231800B1    abstract-본 발명은 이중 전원을 가지는 정지형 인버터 및 그 작동 방법에 관한 것으로서, 모선으로부터 전력을 공급받아 주전원은 견인전동기의 구동을 위해 주전원 전력변환장치로 인가하고, 보조전원은 철도차량의 신호, 전등 및 에어컨을 포함하는 전장품의 구동을 위해 보조전원 전력변환장치로 인가하되, 입력받는 철도차량의 주행신호, 회생 제동신호 및 역행 재 구동신호에 따라 주전원 전력변환장치 및 보조전원 전력변환장치를 제어하는 전력관리장치; 전력관리장치를 통해 모선으로부터 인가받은 전원을 철도차량의 견인(주행)을 위해 견인전동기로 인가하되, 견인전동기로의 전압 및 전류 인가를 제어하여 철도차량의 회전속도를 제어하는 주전원 전력변환장치; 주전원 전력변환장치로부터 인가받은 전원에 의해 철도차량을 주행시키는 견인력(牽引力)을 발생시키는 견인전동기; 및 전력관리장치를 통해 모선으로부터 인가받은 전원에 의해 철도차량의 전장품을 구동시키되, 철도차량의 회생 제동시 견인전동기로부터 회생되는 전력을 인가받고, 철도차량이 역행으로 재 주행하는 경우 전력관리장치를 통해 모선으로부터 전력을 인가받는 보조전원 전력변환장치;를 포함한다.
id-EP2692587A1    abstract-A risk-degree setting unit (108) sets the degree of risk for the case where an inverter (103) performs conversion processing (inverter risk degree), and sets the degree of risk for the case where a storage battery (105) stores electrical energy (storage battery risk degree). A final output destination determination unit (109), based on the degrees of risk set by the risk-degree setting unit (108), determines the final output destination of electrical energy output from an electric motor (106), and controls the turning ON or OFF of a relay (110). The final output destination determination unit (109) turns the relay (110) ON when the storage battery (105) is determined as the final output destination of the electrical energy output from the electric motor (106), and turns the relay (110) OFF when the inverter (103) is determined as the final output destination of the electrical energy output from the electric motor (106).
id-DE102012003324A1    abstract-Eine Antriebseinheit (1) für den Betrieb eines Fahrzeuges ist mit a) einer eine Antriebswelle (20) antreibenden, mit Ladeluft aufladbaren Verbrennungskraftmaschine (2) versehen, b) einer der Verbrennungskraftmaschine (2) nachgeschalteten Abgas-Nutzturbine (26) zum Betrieb eines elektrischen Generators (30), c) dessen (30) erzeugter Strom in eine, vorzugsweise aus einem externen Stromnetz, z. B. über einen Gleichrichter (76), aufladbaren, Batterie (31) zur zwischenzeitlichen Speicherung einspeisbar ist, und d) einem mit dem vom Generator (30) erzeugten Strom betreibbaren Elektromotor (25), e) der mit der Antriebswelle (20) über ein Getriebe (22) verbunden ist. Erfindungsgemäss ist das Untersetzungsgetriebe (22) f) eines mit variablen Abgangsdrehzahlen, g) dem Getriebe (22) ist ein Kupplungsglied (21) zugeschaltet, h) die Ladeluft für die Verbrennungskraftmaschine ist von einem mittels eines weiteren Elektromotors (17) antreibbaren Fördermittel (16), vorzugsweise einem Verdrängerverdichter, bereitstellbar, und i) die Abgas-Nutzturbine (26) ist ausschliesslich für den Antrieb des Generators (30) vorgesehen und ausgebildet.
id-JPWO2012124107A1    abstract-本発明は、電動機の制御精度の向上とセンサへのノイズの影響の抑制とを両立させることを可能とする障害物検出装置を有する車両を提供する。交流電動機であるモータ３１、３２とこれらのモータを駆動するインバータ２と、車両周辺の障害物を探知する探知機器として例えば超音波ソナー１を備える車両において、このインバータ２が発するノイズの探知機器の探査周波数への干渉可能性を判断する周波数判断装置６と、干渉可能性ありと判断した場合に、インバータ２のキャリア周波数を変更するソナーＥＣＵ５を備えている。
id-KR20120107663A    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 움직임을 감지하는 감지부, 선행차량의 속도 및 자차와의 거리를 감지하고 요구가속도를 산출하는 레이더, 상기 레이더로부터 요구가속도를 전달받아 목표압력 및 목표구동토크를 산출하는 전자식 안정성제어부(ESC), 상기 전자식 안정성제어부(ESC)로부터 목표구동토크를 전달받아 엔진과 구동모터를 제어하는 하이브리드 컨트롤 유닛(HCU) 및 상기 전자식 안정성제어부(ESC)로부터 목표압력을 전달받아 회생제동가능한 양은 HCU에 요구하고 나머지에 해당하는 압력을 생성하기 위해 마스터실린더를 제어하여 제동력을 발생시키는 전동식 유압부스터(AHB)를 포함하는 적응형 순항 제어장치 그 제어방법에 관한 것이다.
id-WO2012129891A2    abstract-
id-DE102011006118A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Überwachung eines rückspeisefähigen Energiesystems (2) sowie ein entsprechend überwachtes rückspeisefähiges Energiesystem (2) mit einem Umrichter (8), einem Filter (10) und mit einer Induktivität (12), vorzugsweise einem Transformator (12), die bzw. der über ein Schaltersystem (14) mit einem elektrischen Versorgungsnetz (16) mit einer vorgegebenen Netzfrequenz verbunden ist, wobei eine an einem Kondensator (20) erfasste Spannung mit einem ersten Schwellwert und mit einem zweiten Schwellwert verglichen wird, wobei bei einer Unterschreitung des ersten Schwellwertes auf einen netzseitigen und bei einer Unterschreitung des zweiten Schwellwertes auf einen systemseitigen Kurzschluss geschlossen wird, woraufhin die Öffnung des Schaltersystems (14) nach Ablauf einer vorgegebenen Stützzeit bzw. unmittelbar initiiert wird.
id-DE102011013592A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Kraftwagens (10), der an einer Vorderachse (16) und einer Hinterachse (18) jeweils Räder (12, 14) aufweist, denen Bremsen (20, 22) zugeordnet sind, wobei bei einer Bremsbetätigung ein Verhältnis einer auf die Räder (12) der Vorderachse (16) ausgeübten Bremskraft zu einer auf die Räder (14) der Hinterachse (18) ausgeübten Bremskraft in Abhängigkeit von einem Betriebszustand zumindest einer Bremse (20, 22) des Kraftwagens (10) eingestellt wird. Hierdurch kann die Überbelastung einzelner Bremsen (20, 22) vermieden werden und so der Verschleiß der Bremsen (20, 22) reduziert und deren Lebensdauer erhöht werden.
id-DE202011004580U1    abstract-1) Kinetisches Energieerzeugungs- und Speichersystr technisch möglichen Anzahl innerhalb des Fahrzeug-Chassis (1) anwendbar ist.
id-WO2012128772A1    abstract-In a vehicle electrical system comprising an electrical power source, at least a first load for energization from the electrical power source and a resistive load which may be interposed between the electrical power source and the first load to prevent current inrush upon initialization, a cooling system for the resistive load is provided. Isolation contactors provide for the selective connection of the at least first load to the electrical power source in energization circuits, the electrical contactors allowing interposing and removing the resistive load from the energization circuit from particular energization circuits to suppress inrush currents. A cooling system provides for directing forced gas toward the resistive load during initialization of the first loads. An electrical system controller controls the electrical contactors and turns on and off means for directing the forced gas.
id-US8849538B2    abstract-A torque distribution apparatus includes an instructed torque acquiring unit that acquires input instructed torque, a determining unit that determines whether to perform power running control or regenerative braking, an efficiency map acquiring unit that based on a determination result, acquires a motor efficiency map, a vehicular speed detecting unit, a drive wheel rotational speed detecting, a slip rate calculating unit that calculates slip rate at drive wheels, a calculating unit that based on the slip rate, creates an efficiency variation expression that indicates efficiency values on a performance curve that indicates relations between drive wheel rotational speed and torque, a distributing unit that calculates based on the slip rate, the instructed torque, and the torque optimizing efficiency, torque distribution values such that overall efficiency during power running and during regeneration are maximized, and a control unit that controls torque distribution to the motors.
id-US9315112B2    abstract-During external charging, a charger converts AC electric power from an external power supply into electric power for charging a main battery. An AC/DC converter converts the AC electric power on the power line into auxiliary electric power. The charger is further capable of executing power conversion for converting output electric power of the main battery into AC electric power for output to the power line. While a vehicle is running, normally, the charger and the AC/DC converter are stopped, and the auxiliary electric power obtained by converting the output electric power of the main battery by a main DC/DC converter is output. At the time of regenerative braking of the vehicle, where charging of the main battery is prohibited or restricted, the charger and the AC/DC converter are further operated to intentionally increase loss power, thereby generating auxiliary electric power.
id-US8977465B2    abstract-Disclosed herein is a vehicle braking system and control method. The vehicle braking control method includes detecting velocities of respective wheels provided at a vehicle, calculating a vehicle velocity based on the velocities of the respective wheels, calculating slip amounts of the respective wheels by comparing the vehicle velocity and the velocities of the respective wheels, calculating change rates of the slip amounts of the respective wheels, obtaining regenerative braking force corresponding to one of the slip amounts and the slip change rates of the respective wheels, and controlling regenerative braking using the obtained regenerative braking force.
id-JP5626459B2    abstract-
id-DE102011084777B4    abstract-Fahrzeug-Stromversorgungssystem, umfassend: eine Bleibatterie (9); eine Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5), die bei einer Spannung geladen und entladen wird, die höher als die Bleibatterie-Spannung ist; einen Abwärts-DC-DC-Wandler (3), der zwischen der Bleibatterie und der Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5) verbunden ist, und dessen Ausgangsspannung steuerbar ist; einen Generator (2), der mit dem Abwärts-DC-DC-Wandler (3) und der Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5) verbunden ist, der von einem Motor mit variabler Motorrotationsgeschwindigkeit angetrieben wird und dessen Ausgangsleistung steuerbar ist; ein Lithium-Ionen-Batterie-SOC-Erfassungsmittel (8) zum Erfassen eines Ladezustands der Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5); ein Relais (4) für die Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5), durch das die Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5) von dem Generator (2) und dem Abwärts-DC-DC-Wandler (3) verbunden und getrennt wird; ein Steuermittel (1) zum Steuern eines An- und Aus-Schaltens des Relais (4) für die Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5) auf Grundlage des Ladezustands der Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5); und ein Lithium-Ionen-Batterie-Temperaturerfassungsmittel (7) zum Erfassen einer Temperatur der Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5), wobei das Steuermittel (1) dafür ausgelegt ist, – das Relais (4) für die Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5) auszuschalten, wenn die Temperatur der Lithium-Ionen-Batterie (5) geringer als oder höher als ein vorbestimmter Temperaturbereich ist, – den Abwärts-DC-DC-Wandler (3) in einen direkt verbundenen Zustand zu bringen und – den Generator (2) mit dem direkt verbundenen Abwärts-DC-DC-Wandler (3) zu betreiben, so dass der Generator (2) zu Beginn temporär über den direkt verbundenen Abwärts-DC-DC-Wandler (3) von der Bleibatterie (9) mit Energie versorgt wird und danach die Bleibatterie über den direkt verbundenen Abwärts-DC-DC-Wandler (3) mit Energie versorgt.
id-US9199626B2    abstract-A control device of a vehicle includes: an engine; a connection/disconnection device configured to connect/interrupt the engine; a rotating machine disposed to enable transmission of drive power to the wheels; and a running position selection device, the control device including a first manual mode selected by performing a deceleration increasing operation by a driver for increasing vehicle deceleration while the automatic running position is selected and a second manual mode selected by performing a deceleration increasing operation by a driver for increasing the vehicle deceleration while the manual running position is selected, while the vehicle is running with the engine interrupted from the wheels, if the first manual mode is selected, the vehicle deceleration being generated only by the rotating machine, and if the second manual mode is selected, the connection/disconnection device being put into the connected state to generate the vehicle deceleration at least by the engine.
id-US9203255B2    abstract-The present invention provides a control method for an electric vehicle, comprising the steps of: measuring a current voltage of a battery cell module and an external temperature immediately before or after a start of charging; determining whether or not charging has been completed by measuring a charging voltage of the battery cell module after charging during a predetermined time set according to at least one of the current voltages and the external temperature; and calculating a voltage variation on the basis of the current voltage and the charging voltage if it is determined that charging has been completed, and determining whether the battery cell module is normal or abnormal on the basis of the voltage variation and a set reference voltage variation.
id-US20120248868A1    abstract-In described embodiments, a battery car employed in conjunction with a battery car station employs a swappable battery configuration. Batteries are of differing types depending on provision of high current or high voltage, with each having a energy sensor. Access to the batteries of differing types is controlled through a switch control processor selectively coupling batteries to one or more power grids depending upon a given battery's sensed energy. Access to the batteries of differing types is based on demands of vehicle operation. Based on such configuration, a swappable battery car station in communication with the battery car might then selectively replace batteries as needed.
id-US9020731B2    abstract-A PI calculation unit of a rectangular-wave voltage control unit calculates a control deviation by performing a PI calculation on a torque deviation relative to a torque command value, and outputs a voltage phase of a rectangular-wave voltage in accordance with the control deviation. A rate-of-change limiter imposes a restriction on the rate of change of the voltage phase. Here, the rate-of-change limiter lessens the restriction on the rate of change of the voltage phase, when the rate of change of the rotational speed of an electric motor is larger than a predetermined value representing an abrupt change of the rotational speed of the electric motor.
id-CN102729990B    abstract-本发明提供一种控制动力系的系统，该系统包括能量管理层，该能量管理层监测多个潜在能量存储装置并且确定潜在能量存储装置的每一个的基准可用功率。该系统还包括功率管理层，该功率管理层监测潜在能量存储装置的基准可用功率、动力系需求的功率、和潜在能量存储装置的电功率约束，并且基于监测到的潜在能量存储装置的基准可用功率、动力系需求的功率、和潜在能量存储装置的电功率约束来确定功率分流。该系统还包括扭矩控制层，该扭矩控制层基于所确定的功率分流来控制扭矩的产生。
id-US20120255798A1    abstract-An electric automobile includes an electric motor coupled to a first axle that propels the automobile in a desired direction. An alternator or generator is coupled to the second axle and includes an output that powers the electric motor or recharges a power source that powers the electric motor. A gearbox is arranged to harness the reciprocating motion of one of the axles and provide angular motion to the shaft of the generator or alternator.
id-US20140039754A1    abstract-A diagnosing device is provided for a vehicle having a flow passage for circulating a liquid medium for cooling an inverter of the vehicle, and a pump provided on the flow passage to circulate the liquid medium. The diagnosing device includes a temperature sensor for measuring a temperature related to a temperature of the liquid medium, and a calculating unit for calculating a concentration of the liquid medium. The calculating unit calculates a viscosity of the liquid medium based on a flow rate of the liquid medium flowing through the flow passage and performance of the pump, and when the calculation as to the viscosity of the liquid medium is executed with a plurality temperature conditions, the calculating unit calculates the concentration of the liquid medium based on a relationship between the plurality of temperature conditions and the corresponding viscosities of the liquid medium.
id-US20140021920A1    abstract-A first DC/DC converter ( 5 ) is of a constant voltage control type and is controlled so as to keep the voltage of an electric generation bus (A) at a predetermined target value. A second DC/DC converter ( 7 ) is of a constant current control type and is controlled so as to keep input current or output current at predetermined target current. A control circuit ( 8 ) determines an optimum target value Va* of electric generation bus voltage, based on different algorithms, in accordance with all or some of modes A to C which are classified by the charging/discharging condition of a second electric storage device ( 6 ), and controls the first DC/DC converter ( 5 ) so that the electric generation bus voltage Va becomes the determined target value Va*.
id-US20140032029A1    abstract-An electrically powered vehicle includes an electric motor for generating a vehicle driving force in accordance with an accelerator operation amount by a driver, and a notification unit for notifying the driver of information about accelerator operation by the driver in a mode which makes the driver sense the accelerator operation amount more easily in the case where a wheel is in contact with an obstacle than in the case where the wheel is not in contact with the obstacle.
id-JP2012225050A    abstract-【課題】稼働時間を長くすることができる建設機械の電動駆動装置を提供する。 【解決手段】蓄電装置７と、蓄電装置７との間で電力の授受を行う電動・発電機２７と、電動・発電機２７によって駆動する油圧ポンプ２９と、油圧ポンプ２９から複数の油圧アクチュエータ１３Ａ，１９等への圧油の流れをそれぞれ制御する複数の方向切換弁３２，３４等と、複数の方向切換弁３２，３４等をそれぞれ操作する複数の操作装置３１，３３等とを備えた電動式ミニショベルの電動駆動装置であって、複数の方向切換弁３２，３４等が全て操作されてない状態でＸ秒が経過した場合、電動・発電機２７をアイドル回転数まで減速させる双方向コンバータ２８を備える。双方向コンバータ２８は、電動・発電機２７を標準回転数からアイドル回転数まで減速させるときに、電動・発電機２７の回転子の慣性力を電力に変換して蓄電装置７を充電する回生制御を行う。 【選択図】図３
id-US20120273285A1    abstract-A method of utilizing potential energy at a worksite comprising providing an energy storage machine including an energy storage system at a first rendezvous height above a working area, coupling the energy storage machine to a first work machine, generating energy while commuting the energy storage machine and first work machine down the first height, storing the generated energy in the energy storage system and decoupling the energy storage machine and the first work machine at a second rendezvous point adjacent to the working area.
id-DE102011017260A1    abstract-Ein Elektrofahrzeug (440) soll auf einer Strecke von einer ersten Geschwindigkeit auf eine zweite reduzierte Sollgeschwindigkeit verzögert werden. Die Bremsenergie soll dabei über einen Generator in eine Batterie zurückgespeist werden. Eine Messeinheit (410) erfasst der Geschwindigkeit (411) des Fahrzeugs, seine Beschleunigung (412) und den Ladezustand (413) der Batterie und gibt diese Daten an eine Recheneinheit (420) weiter. Diese Recheneinheit (420) ermittelt unter Berücksichtigung des Generatorwirkungsgrades und des Batterierückspeisewirkungsgrades einen Verzögerungsvorgang als eine Abfolge von Geschwindigkeits-Verzögerungswerten. Gleichzeitig können noch Randbedingungen (423) bezüglich Beschleunigung und Geschwindigkeit des Fahrzeugs zur Optimierung des Fahrkomforts berücksichtigt werden. Eine Steuereinheit (430) setzt die berechnete Verzögerungsstrategie in einen Verzögerungsvorgang des Fahrzeugs (440) um.
id-DE102011006729B4    abstract-Generatorvorrichtung (4) für ein Fahrzeug (2), umfassend ein Flügelrad (6) und einen Generator (8) wobei das Flügelrad (6) in einem Gasströmungsweg angeordnet ist und derart in Wirkzusammenhang mit dem Generator (8) steht, dass der Generator (8) durch die Bewegungsenergie von entlang des Gasströmungswegs strömendem Gas mittels des Flügelrads (6) unter Erzeugung von elektrischer Energie am Generator (8) generatorisch betreibbar ist, wobei in dem Gasströmungsweg eine Brennkraftmaschine (22) angeordnet ist, die durch einen mit Kühlflüssigkeit betriebenen Kühlkreislauf kühlbar ist, wobei die Generatorvorrichtung (4) einen Kühlerlüfter umfasst, wobei das Flügelrad (6) ein Flügelrad des Kühlerlüfters ist, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass in dem Gasströmungsweg ein gesondert von der Brennkraftmaschine ausgebildeter Wärmetauscher (24) des Kühlkreislaufs von entlang des Gasströmungswegs strömendem Gas durchströmbar angeordnet ist, wobei der Kühlerlüfter in dem Gasströmungsweg dem Wärmetauscher (24) benachbart vorgesehen ist, wobei in dem Gasströmungsweg in Fahrtrichtung an der Vorderseite des Fahrzeugs ein erstes Ventil (10) angeordnet ist, das eine Luftklappenanordnung (16) umfasst und das dazu ausgebildet ist, einen Strömungsquerschnitt des Gasströmungswegs betragsmäßig zu verändern, und wobei in dem Gasströmungsweg stromabwärts von dem ersten Ventil (10) im Unterboden des Fahrzeugs ein zweites Ventil (20) angeordnet ist, wobei sowohl das erste Ventil (10) als auch das zweite Ventil (20) in Abhängigkeit von einem Kühlbedarf der Brennkraftmaschine (22) derart regelbar oder steuerbar sind, dassi.) bei einem unterhalb einer vorbestimmten Kühlbedarfsschwelle liegenden Kühlbedarf der Brennkraftmaschine (22) das zweite Ventil (20) einen von Null verschiedenen Strömungsquerschnitt aufweist und das erste Ventil (10) einen Strömungsquerschnitt von im Wesentlichen Null aufweist, oder/undii.) unabhängig vom Kühlbedarf der Brennkraftmaschine (22) bei Motorbremsbetrieb der Brennkraftmaschine (22) oder/und bei Verzögerung des die Brennkraftmaschine (22) tragenden Fahrzeugs (2) das erste Ventil (10) und das zweite Ventil (20) jeweils von Null verschiedene Strömungsquerschnitte aufweisen.
id-WO2012144663A1    abstract-본 발명은 배터리로 충전되는 회생제동 전력과 레귤레이터 충전전력을 회생 제동 기능 on/off를 통해 안정적으로 제어하여 안전성 및 효율성을 높인 비접촉 자기 유도 충전 방식을 갖는 이동체의 충전 전력 분배 제어 방법에 관한 것으로, 급전 선로로부터 자기장의 형태로 공급되는 AC 전류를 입력받아 집전하고 자기유도 에너지를 생성하는 단계; 레귤레이터로부터 전력공급이 있는지 없는지를 판단하는 단계; 레귤레이터로부터 전력공급이 있는 경우에는 회생제동 기능을 off하고 집전된 자기유도 에너지를 구동모터로 공급하여 배터리 충전을 하는 단계; 레귤레이터로부터 전력공급이 없는 경우에는 회생제동 기능을 on하고 회생 제동 에너지를 공급하여 배터리 충전을 하는 단계를 포함한다.
id-FR2974544A1    abstract-L'invention concerne un système de freinage et de régénération d'énergie pour un véhicule automobile à motorisation électrique. Le système de freinage est commandé au moyen de deux palettes (M1 ; M2) de commande distinctes de la pédale de freinage et permet d'activer simplement un niveau de freinage électrique léger ou un niveau de freinage électrique fort en forçant le fonctionnement du moteur en mode générateur.
id-WO2012141344A1    abstract-본 발명은 비접촉 자기 유도 충전 방식을 갖는 이동체의 구동모터에서 나오는 회생제동 에너지를 에너지 저장부에 먼저 저장한 후 적절한 제어신호를 통해 배터리로 충전시킴으로서 시스템의 에너지 효율성과 안전성을 확보하기 위한 회생제동 제어 방법에 관한 것으로서, 급전 선로로부터 자기장의 형태로 공급되는 AC 전류를 입력받아 집전하고, 집전한 AC 전류를 DC 전류로 변환하여 구동모터 구동을 위한 자기유도 에너지를 생성하는 단계와, MCU로부터 구동모터의 요구전력을 입력받아 상기 생성된 자기유도 에너지를 구동모터로 공급하는 단계와, 상기 공급되는 자기유도 에너지와 구동모터의 요구전력 에너지를 비교하는 비교단계와, 상기 비교결과, 자기유도 에너지가 구동모터 구동을 위한 요구전력 에너지보다 작은 경우 MCU의 제어로 배터리의 SOC를 체크하여 배터리를 방전하는 단계와, 상기 자기유도 에너지에서 잉여 에너지가 발생되는 경우 MCU의 제어를 받아 에너지 저장부로 상기 잉여 에너지를 저장하는 단계와, MCU의 제어로 배터리의 SOC(State Of Charge)를 체크하여 상기 에너지 저장부에 저장된 잉여 에너지를 배터리로 충전하는 단계를 포함하는데 있다.
id-FR2974342A1    abstract-Dispositif de répartition d'une commande de freinage globale (1) entre une commande de freinage électrique (2) pour un moyen de freinage électrique (10) et une commande de freinage complémentaire (5) pour un moyen de freinage complémentaire (11), comprenant : un saturateur apte à déterminer une commande de freinage électrique saturée (4) par saturation d'une commande de freinage électrique (2), prise égale à la commande de freinage globale (1), et un module soustracteur (13) apte à déterminer une commande de freinage complémentaire (5) en réalisant le complément d'une valeur (4) issue de la commande de freinage électrique saturée (2) pour obtenir la commande de freinage globale (1).
id-WO2012141343A1    abstract-본 발명은 비접촉 자기 유도 충전 방식을 갖는 이동체의 구동모터에서 나오는 회생제동 에너지를 에너지 저장부에 먼저 회생 제동 에너지를 저장한 후 적절한 제어신호를 통해 배터리로 충전시킴으로서 시스템의 에너지 효율성과 안전성을 확보하기 위한 것으로서, 외부에서 입력되는 에너지를 충전하고, 필요에 따라 충전된 에너지를 방전하여 구동모터를 구동시키는 전원을 공급하는 배터리 처리부와, 급전 선로로부터 자기장을 통한 비접촉 방식으로 집전하여 공급받은 에너지를 상기 구동모터를 구동하고, 상기 구동모터를 구동하고 남은 잉여 에너지를 출력하는 비접촉 자기유도 처리부와, 구동모터에서 나오는 회생제동 에너지 및 상기 비접촉 자기유도 처리부에서 출력되는 잉여 에너지를 저장하고, 배터리의 충전상태를 기반으로 저장된 회생제동 에너지를 상기 배터리 처리부로 공급하여 배터리를 충전시키는 회생제동 처리부와, 상기 비접촉 자기유도 처리부 또는 배터리 처리부에서 입력되는 구동모터의 제어신호를 통해 구동모터의 구동신호를 출력하는 MCU와, 상기 MCU에서 출력되는 구동신호를 입력으로 상기 배터리 처리부로부터 공급되는 전원으로 구동되어 회생제동 에너지를 출력하는 구동모터를 포함하는데 있다.
id-DE102011018372A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Herstellung eines Präparats aus einem medizinischen Egel. Damit das Präparat für medizinische Zwecke als Heilmittel auf Grund einer biologisch aktiven Substanz eingesetzt werden kann, sieht die Erfindung vor, dass der Egel, der im Regime des aktiven Hungerns nicht weniger als 4 Monate bis zur vollständigen Befreiung des Darmkanals vom Blut erhalten ist, ausgewaschen wird, dass die Masse eingefroren und zerkleinert wird und dass nach der Austrocknung aus dieser Masse medizinische Formen hergestellt werden, wobei die erhaltene zerkleinerte Masse mit einer konservierenden Losung im Verhältnis 1:1 (nach dem Gewicht) gemischt und bis zur Bildung einer elastischen Schicht ausgetrocknet wird.
id-KR20120013879A    abstract-본 발명의 회생 제동의 구조는 자동차 또는 열차에서 승객을 승하차하기 위하여 제동을 할 경우 소멸되는 가속력을 적당한 강도와 크기로 형성되는 스프링이 변형되게 하므로 차가 제동되면서 동력이 저장이 되고 차가 출발할 때는 변형되어 있는 스프링이 복원되면서 차가 출발하므로 연료가 절감 되는 것이다.             자동차, 전동차, 스프링
id-ES2577981T3    abstract-Un aparato motor que comprende: - un motor de combustión interna (1) que tiene una tubería de admisión de aire (2) y una tubería de escape de gases (20); - un compresor de baja presión (11) y un compresor de alta presión (5) dispuestos en dicha tubería de admisión de aire de acuerdo con la dirección de flujo del aire; - una turbina de alta presión y una turbina de baja presión (7) dispuestas en dicha tubería de escape de acuerdo con la dirección de flujo de los gases; - unos primeros medios de puenteo para puentear dicho compresor de alta presión (5); en donde dicha turbina de alta presión (6) está conectada con un eje a dicho compresor de baja presión (11), comprendiendo dicho aparato motor un convertidor (55) de par motor eléctrico que comprende al menos: - un generador eléctrico (30) conectado para ser impulsado por dicha turbina de baja presión (7); - un primer motor eléctrico (32) conectado para impulsar dicho compresor de alta presión (5); - unos medios de conversión electrónicos (31) apropiados para convertir la energía eléctrica producida por dicho generador eléctrico (30) y para suministrar potencia y controlar al menos dicho primer motor eléctrico (32).
id-US9002560B2    abstract-In a hybrid vehicle that is in a four-wheel drive system based on FF layout and that is switchable between a two-wheel drive state and a four-wheel drive state by an electronically controlled coupling  10 , the electronically controlled coupling  10  is controlled to a release side when an engine  1  is started in an EV-4WD travel state so as to reduce the transmission amount of engine torque to a drive system of a side of rear wheels  8 L and  8 R.
id-US20170297552A1    abstract-An electric motorcycle includes a driving command detecting device, a state value detecting device, an electric motor driving a drive wheel, a control unit for executing a non-normal mode causing output of the electric motor in a non-normal mode to differ from the output of the electric motor in a normal mode, the control unit configured to shift the electric motorcycle from one of the normal or non-normal modes to the other normal or non-normal mode, when the state value satisfies a predetermined shift condition, in one of the normal and non-normal modes, and a cornering determiner unit for determining cornering status, wherein the control unit causes a change in the output of the electric motor to be less, when the electric motorcycle is cornering and the shift condition is satisfied than when the cornering determiner unit determines the electric motorcycle is not cornering and the shift condition is satisfied.
id-US9507360B2    abstract-A mine power management system includes: a first power line provided at an ascent and configured to exchange electric power with an ascending vehicle traveling on the ascent; a second power line provided at a descent and configured to exchange electric power with a descending vehicle traveling on the descent; and a power supply and storage apparatus configured to exchange electric power at least between the first power line and the second power line.
id-US9643498B2    abstract-A system supplying electrical power to a vehicle including: a network of electricity consuming units; a first electrical accumulation battery connected to the network, exhibiting a first maximum voltage when unloaded less than a maximum network voltage; a second electrical accumulation battery connected to the network, exhibiting a second maximum voltage when unloaded greater than the maximum voltage when unloaded of the first battery, and a minimum acceptable voltage when unloaded below the maximum network voltage; a drivable alternator connected to the network, configured to deliver to the second battery an electrical energy under a setpoint voltage drivable to various setpoint values; an electronic management facility, configured to impose at least two different setpoint voltages successively on the alternator when the vehicle is running, a low alternator voltage greater than the first maximum voltage, and a high alternator voltage greater both than the minimum voltage and than the low alternator voltage.
id-DE102012208197B4    abstract-Brennstoffzellenfahrzeug (10), das aufweist:einen Fahrmotor (14);eine Brennstoffzelle (32) zum Liefern von elektrischer Leistung an den Fahrmotor (14);eine Energiespeichervorrichtung (20) zum Liefern von elektrischer Leistung an den Fahrmotor (14), wobei die Energiespeichervorrichtung (20) fähig ist, mit elektrischer Rückgewinnungsleistung von dem Fahrmotor (14) oder in der Brennstoffzelle (32) erzeugter elektrischer Leistung geladen zu werden;eine Leistungsverteilungsvorrichtung (22) zum Steuern von Zielen, an welche die in der Brennstoffzelle (32) erzeugte elektrische Leistung, die von der Energiespeichervorrichtung (20) ausgegebene elektrische Leistung und die Rückgewinnungsleistung des Fahrmotors (14) geliefert werden;eine Erkennungseinrichtung für Bergauffahren (124) zum Erkennen eines Bergauffahrens des Brennstoffzellenfahrzeugs (10);eine Steuereinrichtung (122) zum Steuern der Zuteilung der Menge an elektrischer Leistung, die von der Brennstoffzelle (32) ausgegeben wird; undeinen Gradientensensor (116) zum Erfassen eines Gradienten einer Straße, auf der das Brennstoffzellenfahrzeug fährt, dadurch charakterisiert, dassdie Erkennungseinrichtung für Bergauffahren (124) eine Bergauffahrt des Brennstoffzellenfahrzeugs (10) als Langstrecken-Bergauffahrt erkennt, wenn eine Geschwindigkeit (V) des Brennstoffzellenfahrzeugs (10) gleich oder höher als ein Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeitsschwellenwert (THV1) ist, der von dem Gradientensensor (116) erfasste Gradient gleich oder größer als ein Gradienten-Schwellenwert (THA1) ist und ein Zählwert gleich oder größer als ein Zählschwellenwert zum Bestimmen der Langstrecken-Bergauffahrt ist; unddie Steuereinrichtung (122) in dem Fall, in dem die Erkennungseinrichtung für Bergauffahren (124) eine Langstrecken-Bergauffahrt erkennt, die Zuteilung der Menge an elektrischer Leistung, die von der Brennstoffzelle (32) ausgegeben wird, derart steuert, dass die Zuteilungsmenge der von der Brennstoffzelle (32) ausgegebenen elektrischen Leistung größer als die Zuteilungsmenge vor der Erkennung der Langstrecken-Bergauffahrt ist.
id-EP2711229B1    abstract-
id-DE112012002288T5    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung ist auf eine Drossel 1 gerichtet, die ein kombiniertes Produkt 10, das aus einem Spulenelement 2 und einem Magnetkern 3 aufgebaut ist, und ein Gehäuse 4 aufweist, das das kombinierte Produkt 10 lagert. Das Gehäuse 4 wird durch eine Kombination eines Seitenwandabschnitts 41, der das kombinierte Produkt 10 umgibt, und eines Bodenplattenabschnitts 40 ausgebildet, der ein von dem Seitenwandabschnitt 41 getrenntes Element ist. Zwischen dem Bodenplattenabschnitt 40 des Gehäuses 4 und dem Spulenelement 2 (Spulen 2a und 2b) ist ein isolierende Bogen 42 angeordnet. Um die Drossel 1 zu fertigen, wird der isolierende Bogen 42 auf dem Bodenplattenabschnitt 40 angeordnet, und das kombinierte Produkt 10 wird auf dem isolierenden Bogen 42 angeordnet. Dann wird der Seitenwandabschnitt 41 von oberhalb des kombinierten Produkts 10 angeordnet, und der Seitenwandabschnitt 41 und der Bodenplattenabschnitt 40 werden miteinander in Eingriff gebracht.
id-US20140046552A1    abstract-An electric drive unit for a construction machine is capable of increasing the operating time of the construction machine. The electric drive unit has an electricity storage device, a hydraulic pump of the fixed displacement type which is driven by a motor/generator, a plurality of directional control valves which respectively control the flow of hydraulic fluid supplied to a plurality of hydraulic actuators, a bidirectional converter which performs variable control on the revolution speed of the motor/generator, and an LS control device which controls the bidirectional converter so that LS differential pressure Pls equals a target value Pgr. The bidirectional converter performs regeneration control for converting the inertial force of the rotor of the motor/generator into electric power thereby charging the electricity storage device when the revolution speed of the motor/generator is decreased in response to an excess of the LS differential pressure Pls over the target value Pgr.
id-CN102800884B    abstract-本发明的课题在于，提供一种能够长时间地维持对燃料电池堆的恶化较小的怠速停止的状态的燃料电池系统及其控制方法。本发明的燃料电池系统具备ECU，该ECU在怠速发电中当满足了规定的怠速停止开始条件时，将气泵的转速以及燃料电池堆的放电电流值在均大于0的范围内降低至低于怠速发电时，从而使燃料电池堆成为怠速停止的状态。ECU将燃料电池堆的最低单元电压值CV_low低于解除阈值B作为怠速停止的解除条件，按照燃料电池堆的最低单元电压值CV_low不低于解除阈值B的方式，燃料电池堆的最低单元电压值CV_low越小则越减小放电电流值。
id-JPWO2012161262A1    abstract-移動体の車内温度を目標温度近傍に維持しながら、回生電力により回収される空調負荷を最大化することにより、移動体自身で回生電力を効率よく消費し、回生効率を大幅に向上させる。   運動エネルギーを電気エネルギーに変換するエネルギー変換装置を備えた移動体の制御装置において、移動体の室内温度を制御する空調装置と、移動体のブレーキ開始位置を把握するブレーキ開始位置把握手段とを設ける。そして、ブレーキ開始位置の手前の地点において、空調装置の負荷を予め零とし、ブレーキ開始位置において、暖房時であれば室温が最低許容温度に、冷房時であれば、室温が最高許容温度になるよう制御する。これにより、ブレーキ開始からブレーキ終了までの期間において、エネルギー変換装置による回生される電気エネルギーを、空調装置で最大限消費されるようにする。
id-CN103648831A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于控制具有能够以回收运行方式工作的电机(6)的电动车或混合动力汽车的制动功率、尤其是拖拽扭矩的方法和装置(1)，其包括处理和控制单元(2)，借助该处理和控制单元确定当前在考虑至少一个参数的情况下能够产生的回收功率，其中，可确定当前能够产生的回收功率与通过至少一个第一器件(3)设置的回收功率或预定的回收功率之间的差值，其中，借助处理和控制单元(2)能够控制用于产生当前可能的回收功率的电机(6)和用于根据所确定的差值产生制动功率的可电控的行车制动器(7)。
id-KR20140022413A    abstract-본 발명은 전기 제동력 관리 장치(1)에 관한 것이며, 이 장치는 연속 버스(10)를 포함하고, 상기 연속 버스는, 차량의 전기 운전 기계(21)에 연결되는 연결 극(12) - 상기 기계는 제동 모드에서 전기 제동력을 상기 연속 버스를 통해 전달하는 인버터(20)에 연계되어 있음 - ; 전기 동력 축적 배터리(30)에 연결되는 연결 극(13); 연결 점(11)에서 상기 연속 버스에 연결된 소멸 브랜치(1D) - 상기 브랜치는 소멸 저항기(1D2)에 직렬로 연결된 전자식 소멸 스위치(1D1)를 포함함 - ; 상기 연속 버스의 연결 점(11)과 배터리에 연결되는 연결 극(13) 사이에 위치한, 상기 연속 버스 상의 전류 센서(15); 및 제어기(18)를 포함한다.  상기 장치는 또한 상기 소멸 브랜치(1D)가 상기 연속 버스(10)에 연결되어 있는 연결 점과 상기 연속 버스의 배터리에 연결되는 연결 극 사이에, 전자식 충전 스위치(1C1)를 포함하고, 상기 스위치는 전기 기계에 연결되는 연결 극으로부터 배터리에 연결되는 연결 극으로의 연속 버스를 통한 전류의 흐름을 제어한다.  상기 제어기는, 예를 들어, 상기 연속 버스 상의 전류가 배터리 재충전 한계 전류 미만인 한 상기 전자식 충전 스위치를 폐쇄상태로 남겨두기 위해 배터리 재충전 한계 전류와 상기 연속 버스 상의 전류 간의 차를 평가한다.
id-KR20120129062A    abstract-전자식 주차 브레이크(electronic parking brake: EPB)를 이용하여 주차차량의 이동시 발생하는 사고를 미리 방지하기 위한 주차차량 이동시 차량사고 방지장치 및 그 방법이 개시된다. 개시된 주차차량 이동시 차량사고 방지방법은, 차량 시동이 오프된 상태에서 기어 위치가 중립인지를 확인하는 단계와; 상기 확인 결과 기어 위치가 중립일 경우, 전자식 주차 브레이크의 동작 여부를 확인하는 단계와; 상기 확인 결과 전자식 주차 브레이크가 동작하지 않을 경우, 회생 제동 장치(림 제너레이터)가 동작하는지를 확인하여, 상기 림 제너레이터가 동작하면 발생한 기전력이 미리 설정된 차량 속도 이상인지를 확인하는 단계와; 상기 기전력이 미리 설정된 차량 속도 이상일 경우 비상 제동으로 판단을 하고, 자동으로 상기 전자식 주차 브레이크를 작동시키는 단계를 구비한다.
id-FR2975841A1    abstract-L'invention a pour principal objectif de fournir un dispositif de stockage de l'énergie générée par un réseau électrique pour lequel l'échauffement du gaz est fortement diminué et le rendement augmenté. La solution proposée par l'invention est un dispositif de stockage de l'énergie générée par un réseau électrique (9) comprenant : - un réservoir (3) à l'intérieur duquel est destiné à être stocké un gaz (2) sous pression, - un compresseur (8) configuré pour injecter du gaz (2) à l'intérieur du réservoir (3) pendant les périodes de surproduction du réseau électrique (9), - une turbine (12) couplée à un alternateur (13) configurée pour produire de l'énergie électrique à partir du gaz (2) sous pression stocké dans le réservoir (3) pendant les périodes de sous-production du réseau électrique (9). Ce dispositif est remarquable en ce que le réservoir (3) est immergé dans un liquide (4), ledit dispositif comprenant un moyen de pressurisation (7) configuré pour maintenir le gaz (2) à l'intérieur dudit réservoir à une pression proportionnelle à la pression exercée par le liquide (4) sur ledit réservoir.
id-KR20120133707A    abstract-본 발명은 전기모터의 구동 및 회생 제동 제어장치에 관한 것으로, 전기모터(M)와; 전기모터(M)와 연결되어 전기모터(M)로 구동전원을 공급하거나 전기모터(M)에서 발생된 전류를 공급받아 충전하는 배터리(B)와; 전기모터(M)와 배터리(B) 사이에 연결되며 제1펄스신호(PWM1)를 인가받아 배터리(B)에 충전된 구동전원을 전기모터(M)로 공급하는 회전구동부(11)와; 전기모터(M)와 배터리(B) 사이에 연결되며 제2펄스신호(PWM2)를 인가받아 전기모터(M)의 감속에 의해 발생된 전류를 배터리(B)로 공급되도록 하는 회생 제동부(12)와; 전기모터(M)와 회전구동부(11)와 회생 제동부(12) 사이에 연결되어 전기모터(M)에 회전구동부(11)나 회생 제동부(12)가 선택적으로 연결되도록 스위칭하는 릴레이 스위치부(13)와; 배터리(B)와 릴레이 스위치부(13) 사이에 연결되어 릴레이 스위치부(13)가 스위칭되도록 하는 선택스위치(14)와; 회전구동부(11)와 회생 제동부(12)는 각각  연결되어 릴레이 스위치부(13)에 의해 전기모터(M)와 연결된 회전구동부(11)와 회생 제동부(12)로 제1펄스신호(PWM1)와 제2펄스신호(PWM2)를 각각 선택적으로 발생하여 출력하는 제어기로 구성하여, 전기모터의 회전구동부와 회생 제동부를 전기적으로 분리시킴에 의해 신뢰성을 개선하는 데 있다.
id-KR20120131727A    abstract-본 발명은 슈퍼커패시터를 이용한 전기차 동력장치 및 전기차량에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 하나의 모습에 따라, 슈퍼커패시터를 이용한 전기차 동력장치에 있어서, 부하를 구동시키고 회생제동을 통해 발전하는 모터-발전기; 외부 충전 에너지 및 모터-발전기에 의해 발전된 에너지를 축전하는 슈퍼커패시터; 슈퍼커패시터로부터 전원을 공급받아 저장하고 모터-발전기로 구동전력을 공급하는 배터리; 슈퍼커패시터 및 배터리의 충전량(SoC)이 보조발전 동작점보다 적은 경우에 구동하는 엔진; 및 엔진의 구동에 따라 보조발전하고 발전된 에너지를 슈퍼커패시터로 제공하는 발전기; 를 포함하여 이루어지는 것을 특징으로 하는 슈퍼커패시터를 이용한 전기차 동력장치가 제안된다.
id-DE102011076787A1    abstract-Ein stationärer Energiespeicher zur temporären Speicherung elektrischer Energie in einem stationären Energieversorgungsnetz für ein elektrisch antreibbares Fahrzeug umfasst eine stationäre Speichereinrichtung, einen ersten Tiefsetzsteller zum Aufladen der stationären Speichereinrichtung, einen ersten Hochsetzsteller zum Entladen der stationären Speichereinrichtung, einen zweiten Hochsetzsteller zum Aufladen der stationären Speichereinrichtung und einen zweiten Tiefsetzsteller zum Entladen der stationären Speichereinrichtung. Ein Energiesystem umfasst den stationären Energiespeicher und das elektrisch antreibbare Fahrzeug, wobei das Fahrzeug einen mobilen Energiespeicher zur Speicherung elektrischer Antriebsenergie umfasst und der mobile Energiespeicher eine mobile Speichereinrichtung umfasst, die dazu eingerichtet ist, aus der stationären Speichereinrichtung aufgeladen zu werden. Ferner werden ein diesbezügliches Verfahren und ein korrespondierendes Computerprogrammprodukt offenbart.
id-KR20120128209A    abstract-본 발명은 자동변속기가 탑재된 하이브리드 차량에서 LFU변속중 회생제동이 개시될 때, 적절한 제어를 통해 변속충격이 발생하는 것을 방지할 수 있도록 함으로써, 차량의 부드러운 변속감을 확보하여, 차량의 상품성을 향상시킬 수 있도록 한다.
id-KR20120124899A    abstract-본 발명은 ABS 작동시 진동 저감을 위한 모터 제어 방법에 관한 것으로서, 모터-감속기-드라이브 샤프트-휠의 직결 구조로 이루어진 구동계를 채용한 전기자동차에서 ABS 작동시 구동계의 비틀림 진동을 신속히 감쇄시켜 ABS의 비정상 작동 문제를 해결하면서 전기자동차의 제동안정성과 상품성을 향상시킬 수 있는 모터 제어 방법을 제공하는데 그 목적이 있다.   상기한 목적을 달성하기 위해, 전기자동차에서 ABS 작동을 나타내는 ABS 작동 신호가 검출되면 모터 회전방향의 역방향인 제동방향의 진동 감쇄용 토크 값을 산출하고, 상기 산출된 진동 감쇄용 토크 값에 따라 ABS 작동 동안 진동 감쇄용 토크를 모터에 인가하는 것을 특징으로 하는 ABS 작동시 구동계 진동 저감을 위한 모터 제어 방법이 개시된다.
id-KR101318473B1    abstract-본 발명은 배터리 관리 시스템에 관한 것이다. 일례로, 배터리 셀 또는 배터리 팩과 전기적으로 연결되고, 상기 배터리 셀 또는 상기 배터리 팩의 전압을 제공하는 제 1 스위치 회로; 상기 제 1 스위치 회로와 전기적으로 연결되고, 상기 제 1 스위치 회로로부터 제공되는 상기 전압을 저장하는 커패시터; 상기 커패시터와 전기적으로 연결되고, 상기 커패시터에 저장된 전압을 제공하며, 제 1 출력단자 및 제 2 출력단자를 갖는 제 2 스위치 회로; 및 상기 제 2 스위치 회로와 전기적으로 연결되고, 상기 제 2 스위치 회로의 상기 제 1 출력단자에 임피던스를 감소시키는 풀-다운 회로를 포함하는 배터리 관리 시스템을 개시한다.
id-KR101189249B1    abstract-본 발명의 실시예에 따른 전기자동차의 제어방법은, 배터리의 충전상태가 설정치 이상으로 상기 모터의 발전동작이 중지된 것으로 판단하는 단계, 상기 모터가 역회전하는 것을 감지하여 차량이 뒤로 밀리는 것으로 판단하는 단계, 상기 모터에 의한 발전동작이 중지되고, 상기 차량이 뒤로 밀리는 것으로 판단하면, 전력부하를 상승시키는 단계, 및 상기 전력부하가 상승함에 따라서, 구동휠에서 전달되는 회전력에 의해 상기 모터가 발전을 실시하도록 하는 단계를 포함하고, 상기 전력부하를 상승시키기 위해서, 에어컨과 히터를 동시에 작동시켜, 실내온도가 일정하게 유지되도록 한다.  따라서, 배터리충전이 제한된 상태에서, 공조기를 가동하여, 모터가 충전을 실시함으로써, 모터의 회생재동으로 인하여 모터의 역회전을 방지함으로써 차량이 뒤로 밀리는 것을 방지할 수 있다.
id-DE102011101487A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren für ein Fahrzeug (10) mit einer elektrischen Maschine (11), welche mit mindestens einem Rad (18) des Fahrzeugs (10) gekoppelt ist. Die elektrische Maschine (11) ist in der Lage, ein vorgegebenes Drehmoment (24) auf das mindestens eine Rad (18) auszuüben. Bei dem Verfahren wird ein Schubmoment (21) auf einen ersten Wert (A) eingestellt, wenn eine Betätigung eines Fahrpedals (17) des Fahrzeugs (10) erfasst wird, und das Schubmoment (21) wird auf einen zweiten Wert (B) eingestellt, wenn eine Betätigung eines Bremspedals (15) des Fahrzeugs (10) erfasst wird. Der zweite Wert (B) ist größer als der erste Wert (A). Die elektrische Maschine (11) wird mit dem Schubmoment (21) als das vorgegebene Drehmoment (24) betrieben, wenn weder das Bremspedal (15) noch das Fahrpedal (17) betätigt ist.
id-DE102011054906A1    abstract-Bei einem Verfahren zur Steuerung der Leistungseinspeisung und Leistungsentnahme eines Ultrakondensatorspeichers (10), insbesondere eines Ultrakondensatorspeichers (10) eines Fahrzeuges, mit einer Steuerung, wird eine Ladezustandsmodellierung (16) anhand eines Streckenmodells (17) des Ultrakondensators (10) auf der Grundlage von einem Parametersatz als Modellparamtervektor (p→ ) durchgeführt und ein den Zustand des Ultrakondensatorspeichers (10) beschreibender Zustandsvektor (x→ ) erzeugt.
id-FR2974768A1    abstract-L'invention concerne la récupération de la force cinétique qui d'une part permettra de ralentir les véhicules et d'autre part permettra de produire du courant électrique.
id-DE102011101896A1    abstract-Permanente Energiegewinnung durch ein Rad. Ein Reifen oder die Felge muss auf der Fahrzeug zugewandten Seite einen Magnetstreifen haben um die Aufgabe der Stromversorgung zu erfüllen Dieser Streifen sollte mit einem ID Code versehen werden z. B. 01. Auf der Innenliegenden Nabe zum Fahrzeug gewandter Seite ist ein ID Lesegerät, das diesen Code mit einem Laser lesen kann Der Laser wird durch seine immer widerkehrende Tätigkeit stark erwärmt. Der Laserstrahl wird an einen Regler geleitet, der die Temperatur des Lasers misst. Ab einer bestimmten Temperatur bekommt der Regler per ID Code den Befehl aufladen. Ein oder mehrere Batterien pro Rad werden aufgeladen und erzeugen Strom. Der Strom kann nun gespeichert werden oder direkt an Verbraucher weitergeleitet werden. Der Code am RAD kann zusätzlich Information geben ob das Rad steht oder sich vorwärts bewegt. Im stehenden Zustand werden ausschließlich eine oder mehrere Batterien geladen z. B. in der Nacht. Die Stromversorgung kann auch an externe Stromverbraucher durch ein entsprechendes Kabel geleitet werden. Die wichtigste Aufgabe dieser Stromversorgung gelangt an einen oder mehrere Elektromotoren des zu bewegenden Fahrzeuges wichtig ist für diese Aufgabe ein Datenbus, der ermöglicht eine Computersteuerung im oder am Fahrzeug oder an anderen Verbrauchern.
id-KR101189248B1    abstract-본 발명의 실시예에 따른 전기자동차의 제어방법은, 배터리의 충전이 제한되는 것을 판단하는 단계, 변속기가 D단인 상태에서, 가속페달이 작동되지 않는 관성주행 상태를 판단하는 단계, 상기 배터리의 충전이 제한되고, 관성주행 상태로 판단되면, 전력부하를 상승시키는 단계, 및 상기 전력부하가 상승하여, 구동휠에서 전달되는 회전력으로 모터가 발전을 실시하도록 하는 단계를 포함할 수 있다. 따라서, 배터리의 충전이 제한된 상태에서 전기자동차가 D단에서 가속페달을 밟는 것 없이 관성주행하는 경우, LDC의 목표전압을 상승시켜, 모터의 충전동작에 의해서 자연스런 엔진브레이크 기능이 수행된다. 아울러, 배터리의 충전이 제한된 상태에서 전기자동차가 D단에서 브레이크를 밟는 경우, 공조기(에어컨/히터)를 가동하여, 모터의 충전동작에 의해서 자연스런 엔진브레이크 기능이 수행된다.
id-WO2012157049A1    abstract-車室から吸引した空気によりバッテリー（５）を冷却する車両に搭載された空調装置（１）は、外気取込口（２）、内気取込口（３）のいずれかから取り込んだ空気を車室に送風する。バッテリー（５）の制御を司るバッテリーＥＣＵ（８）は、外気取込口（２）と内気取込口（３）とから、回生を通じてバッテリー（５）に充電される電力量と空調装置（１）により消費される電力量との電力収支がより良くなる方を選択して空気の取り込みを行うように、空調ＥＣＵ（１１）に対して空気取込口の切り換えを指令する。
id-US20190193711A1    abstract-A vehicle control system controls operation of motors of a vehicle and determines whether there is sufficient stored electric energy to power the vehicle through an unpowered segment of a route. The controller changes operation of the vehicle to ensure that the vehicle can travel completely through the unpowered segment by switching which energy storage device provides energy, changing vehicle speed, changing motor torque, changing which route is traveled on, selecting fewer motors to power the vehicle, requesting rendezvous with a recharging vehicle, running the energy storage devices in a degraded mode, initiating a motor to generate power to aid in propulsion and/or recharge the energy storage devices, selecting a different route, controlling the vehicle to draft or mechanically couple to another vehicle, and/or controlling the vehicle to gain momentum or to generate an overcharge.
id-EP2728736B1    abstract-
id-CN103596798B    abstract-电动车辆具备：充电控制部，设定蓄电装置的满充电状态使得相对于车载的蓄电装置的满充电容量具有余裕，并且根据与满充电状态相对应而规定的蓄电装置的充电状态值的上限值，设定在蓄电装置中所容许的充电电力上限值；和行驶控制部，在充电电力上限值的范围内控制蓄电装置的充电电力。充电控制部根据所述蓄电装置的劣化程度，可变地设定所述满充电状态，使得蓄电装置的劣化程度越大则余裕就越小。行驶控制部在车辆再生制动时电动机发电产生的再生电力超过充电电力上限值时，根据余裕的降低程度，切换第1控制和第2控制，所述第1控制是用于将再生电力超过充电电力上限值的超过部分再生到蓄电装置的控制，所述第2控制是用于使用辅机负载消耗该再生电力的超过部分的控制。
id-US9211796B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle includes: a plurality of controllers, each of which executes a plurality of energy saving control modes for restricting reduction of driving energy of the vehicle; a selector for displaying the plurality of energy saving control modes at the same time and for prompting an user of the vehicle to select execution or rejection of one of the plurality of energy saving control modes; and a central control device for controlling one of the plurality of controllers to execute a corresponding energy saving control mode, of which the execution is selected by the user, so that a maximum cruising range of the vehicle is expanded without providing a feeling of discomfort.
id-EP2721718B1    abstract-
id-US8565946B2    abstract-A system includes a first propulsion subsystem and a second propulsion subsystem. The first propulsion subsystem is operable to provide electrical energy to a first communication device when operating in an ON mode. The second propulsion subsystem is operable to provide electrical energy to a second communication device when operating in the ON mode. The first propulsion subsystem and the second propulsion subsystem are controllable in a mode of operation where if one of the first propulsion subsystem or the second propulsion subsystem is controlled to be in an OFF mode, the other of the first propulsion subsystem and the second propulsion subsystem provides electrical energy to the respective first communication device or the second communication device.
id-US9263917B2    abstract-A non-contact power receiving apparatus includes a power reception unit for receiving electric power in a non-contact manner from a power transmitting apparatus external to a vehicle, and a control device for controlling the transmitted power from the power transmitting apparatus. The control device controls the transmitted power based on a monitoring result obtained by monitoring the surroundings of the vehicle, and an occupant detection result obtained by detecting whether or not an occupant enters the vehicle. When the monitoring result indicates the approach of a moving object to the vehicle, the control device causes the power transmitting apparatus to reduce the transmitted power. The power transmitting apparatus and the power reception unit transmit and receive electric power in a non-contact manner by electromagnetic field resonance.
id-EP2725685B1    abstract-
id-JP5741687B2    abstract-
id-US8777336B2    abstract-A brake apparatus includes: a master cylinder generating a master cylinder fluid pressure; a wheel brake device applying a braking force to the wheels; a control fluid pressure generation device including a fluid pressure control valve and a fluid pressure pump; an electric motor driving the fluid pressure pump; a control fluid pressure setting unit setting a control fluid pressure; wherein the control fluid pressure generation device rotates the electric motor to circulate a brake fluid and applies a control current to the fluid pressure control valve to thus generate the control fluid pressure in the fluid pressure control valve, and a target rotation number setting unit configured to calculate a pump-necessary discharge flow rate and a brake fluid amount, and set a target rotation number of the electric motor based on the pump-necessary discharge flow rate.
id-US8983703B2    abstract-A control system includes a drive source including an engine and a motor. A clutch is provided between the drive source and a driving wheel, wherein the clutch is engaged when a drive range is selected. The system performs, by a speed control of the motor, a control for keeping an input speed of the clutch at a target speed that is equal to the input speed at start of an engagement control of the clutch. The system judges that the clutch has started to be engaged, in response to a condition that a parameter has exceeded a predetermined threshold value when in a start region of the engagement control of the clutch, wherein the parameter changes along with a rotational fluctuation of the drive source. The system starts the judgment after awaiting satisfaction of a predetermined condition after the start of the engagement control of the clutch.
id-CN103635349B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于运行在机动车中与内燃机耦合的电机的方法，其中所述电机具有定子绕组、转子绕组、配属于所述转子绕组的场调节器和后置于所述定子绕组的变流器，所述变流器具有可触发的开关元件，其中取决于所述电机的当前运行模式预先确定通过所述转子绕组的激励电流，其中所述电机在第一发电机运行模式下作为发电机运行，以便制动所述机动车，其中存储在此回收的制动能量。
id-KR101496104B1    abstract-본 발명은 구동원의 회전 변동이 크다고 판단할 수 있는 상태일 때, 마찰 체결 요소의 체결 개시의 오판정을 방지하는 것을 목적으로 한다.  FR 하이브리드 차량의 제어 장치는 적어도 엔진 Eng를 포함하는 구동원과, D 레인지가 선택되어 있을 때에 체결되는 제2 브레이크 B2를 구비하고, 제2 브레이크 B2의 체결 제어 개시 영역에 있어서, 엔진 Eng가 회전 변동되는 것에 수반하여 변화되는 파라미터(입력 회전수 변화율, 모터 토크 변화량)가, 소정의 임계값 이상으로 되었을 때, 제2 브레이크 B2가 체결을 개시하였다고 판정한다.  소정의 임계값의 절대값을, 엔진 Eng의 회전 변동이 크다고 판단할 수 있는 상태일 때, 엔진 Eng의 회전 변동이 작다고 판단할 수 있는 상태일 때보다도 큰 값으로 설정한다.
id-CN103620906A    abstract-一种充电装置，具备：被固定于固定对象物的固定部件（43）；充电电缆单元，其包括电缆、连接于电缆且与在车辆上设置的充电部连接的连接部、对向充电部供给的电力进行控制的控制部和收纳控制部的壳体（49）；电缆支架（44），其包括以能够拔出的方式收纳壳体（49）的壳体收纳部（60），并设置有充电电缆单元并且相对于固定部件（43）能够拆装；和限制部（30），其在电缆支架被安装在固定部件上时，限制被收纳于壳体收纳部内的壳体伸到壳体收纳部（60）的外部。
id-US20130000994A1    abstract-A solar-powered hybrid vehicle disclosed in the present invention comprises a vehicle body, a vehicle energy configuration system, and a brake energy recovery system. The vehicle body collects solar energy through a collection system of solar energy. The solar energy collected is stored in the vehicle energy configuration system of the vehicle. The brake energy recovery device is connected with a battery through a solar charging circuit. A sensor is provided between the vehicle energy configuration system and the battery. The body energy configure system is connected with an automatic control system, an external charging interface and an electric motor. Through the integration of a number of technical solutions, the present invention reduces energy consumption, improves the level of utilization of solar energy, and is more fashionable and fit for human use.
id-CN102843076A    abstract-本发明提供一种旋转电机控制装置，其既能防止多个电机过热又能确保所期望的输出。温度判定部（25）算出行驶用电机（11）和第一PDU（14）相对于预定的保护温度的电机富余温度△Tmot以及发电用电机（13）和第二PDU（15）相对于预定的保护温度的发电机富余温度△Tgen。主控制部（27）参照电机损失最小电压映射图和发电机损失最小电压映射图来算出各电机（11、13）的损失最小电压即电机电压Vmot和发电机电压Vgen。热平衡电压计算部（26）根据各电压Vmot、Vgen和各富余温度△Tmot、△Tgen算出在各电机（11、13）和各PDU（14、15）是热平衡状态时的各PDU（14、15）的直流侧电压（DC/DC转换器（16）的二次侧电压）即热平衡电压Vtar。主控制部（27）以热平衡电压Vtar作为目标电压V。
id-JP2013005582A    abstract-【課題】電動機の回転軸の回転角を検出するセンサに角度ズレが生じていても、電動機の予期しない回生制動を回避して、二次電池の過充電をより確実に抑止する。 【解決手段】ｄ軸にマイナス方向の電流Ｉｄを流すと共にｑ軸に電流が流れないように電流指令Ｉｄ＊，Ｉｑ＊を設定してモータを制御する際には、制御に用いる回転角センサからの回転角θをモータの正転時には逆転方向に補正し、モータの逆転時には正転方向に補正することにより、回転角θを回生から力行に向かう方向に補正する。これにより、回転角センサにオフセット誤差が含まれていても、補正した回転角θに基づいてモータＭＧ２を制御することにより、ｑ軸にモータＭＧ２の回転方向とは逆方向の電流が流れない、即ち回生トルクが出力されないようにすることができる。この結果、モータが予期せずに回生するのを防止でき、二次電池の過充電を抑止することができる。 【選択図】図７
id-JP5785004B2    abstract-
id-KR20120139492A    abstract-기술분야 본 발명은 자동차의 주행 중 발생하는 제동에너지를 전기적 에너지로 변환하여 회수하는 장치이다 배경기술 기존의 자동차는 제동 시에 발생하는 에너지를 브레이크의 마찰열로 소모 시켜 버렸으나, 근래의 하이브리드 차량과 전기자동차의 필요성이 대두되어 제동시 버려지는 에너지를 회수하기 위한 다양한 방식을 연구하고 있다. 하이브리드 엔진의 경우 변속기의 뒷부분에 발전기를 설치하는 소극적인 회수 방식을 운영하는 경우도 있다   해결하려는 과제 차량 제동시 손실되는 에너지를 회수하여 차량의 구동에 재 사용하기 위한 장치 과제의 해결 수단 앞이나 뒤의 두 바퀴의 중심에 회전하는 휠을 두고 발전기의 휠을 유압 피스톤의 힘으로 마찰을 통한 전기에너지를 발생한다 발명의 효과 본 발명으로 자동차의 주행중 버려지는 제동에너지를 회수하여 에너지효율을 증대 시킬수 있고,브레이크를 대체하는 효과를 볼수있다. 내리막 주행시 엔진브레이크의 역할도 할 수 있다
id-KR101283023B1    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 제동안정성은 문제되지 않는 과속방지턱 등과 같은 험로를 주행하는 상황에서, ABS 작동을 금지하고 차량의 회생제동기능을 지속적으로 충분히 발휘할 수 있도록 함으로써, 제동시의 회생 에너지량을 극대화시켜, 차량의 연비를 향상시킬 수 있도록 하며, 차량 주행의 안정성을 향상시킬 수 있도록 한다.
id-WO2013000755A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Steuern einer Rekuperationsvorrichtung zur Wandlung von kinetischer Energie in elektrische Energie in einem Fahrzeug mit den folgenden Schritten bereitgestellt: Betätigen mindestens eines Betätigungselementes zum Erzeugen einer Bremswirkung, zumindest kurzzeitiges Anordnen des betätigten Betätigungselements in mindestens einer vordefinierten ersten Auslöseposition, Aktivieren der Rekuperationsvorrichtung in einem definierten Funktionsumfang in Reaktion auf das kurzzeitige Anordnen des betätigten Betätigungselements in der mindestens einen vordefinierten ersten Auslöseposition, wobei das mindestens eine Betätigungselement mindestens ein Element aus einer Gruppe bestehend aus einem Betätigungselement für eine Antriebsbetätigung und/oder für eine Bremsenbetätigung umfasst.
id-US20220402399A1    abstract-A vehicle control system and method include processors that determine that an energy storage device of a vehicle will have insufficient energy to power a propulsion system of the vehicle under a first set of operational settings to move the vehicle from a first location within a powered segment to a designated second location that is outside of an unpowered segment of a route. Responsive to determining that the energy storage device will have insufficient energy, the processors change one or more settings of the vehicle to operate the vehicle under a second set of operational settings while the vehicle moves within the powered segment of the route to charge the energy storage device to a greater extent relative to operating of the vehicle according to the first set of operational settings.
id-KR20130002231A    abstract-본 발명의 회생제동의 구조는 변속 기어와 대후에 연결 되는 구동 축을 중심으로 복합 판스프링이 형성 되고 상기 복합판스프링의 양 단에 크러치 작동 의 구조와 브레이크 페달을 밟을때 상기 복합판스프링에 동력이 저장 되면서 제동이 되고 가속 페달을 밟을때 출력부의 작동으로 상기 복합판스프링이 감기었던 동력이 풀리면서 구동 축과 대후의 헤리컬 기어를 구동하므로 출발시와 저속일때 연료 소모가 적게 되므로 연비가 많이 향상 되는 회생 제동의 구조에 관한 것 이다.             자동차, 판 스프링
id-US8947025B2    abstract-A regeneration control device of an electrically powered vehicle includes a motor generator which performs electric power regeneration by braking a driving wheel of the electrically powered vehicle, and a battery to which electric power regenerated by the motor generator is supplied. A monitoring unit includes at least one of a charging rate detection unit configured to detect a charging rate of the battery and a voltage value detection unit configured to detect a voltage value of the battery. A control unit controls the electric power regeneration of the motor generator according to at least one of the charging rate and the voltage value of the battery detected by the monitoring unit. The control unit is configured to decrease regenerative electric current of the motor generator as at least one of the charging rate and the voltage value is increased.
id-EP2737572B1    abstract-
id-US9911252B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). Availability of charged portable electrical energy storage devices available at a collection, charging and distribution machine are communicated to or acquired by a mobile device of a user or a user's vehicle. Once the mobile device of a user or a user's vehicle comes within close proximity of the collection, charging and distribution machine or within a particular area surrounding the collection, charging and distribution machine, the collection, charging and distribution machine or a collection, charging and distribution machine management system communicates an alert (e.g., over a cellular network, short range wireless signal or wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) network) to the mobile device or vehicle indicating how many portable electrical energy storage devices are available at the distribution machine.
id-US10209090B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). To charge, the machines employ electrical current from an external source, such as the electrical grid or an electrical service of an installation location. By default, each portable electrical energy storage device is disabled from accepting a charge unless it receives authentication information from an authorized collection, charging and distribution machine, other authorized charging device, or other authorized device that transmits the authentication credentials. Also, by default, each portable electrical energy storage device is disabled from releasing energy unless it receives authentication information from an external device to which it will provide power, such as a vehicle or other authorization device.
id-US8996308B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). Locations of collection, charging and distribution machines having available charged portable electrical energy storage devices are communicated to or acquired by a mobile device of a user or a navigation system of a user's vehicle. The locations are indicated on a graphical user interface on a map relative to the user's current location. The user may select particular locations on the map to reserve an available portable electrical energy storage device at a particular collection, charging and distribution machine location. The collection, charging and distribution machine locations displayed may also be based on a physical distance or driving time from the current location of the user mobile device or vehicle.
id-US9275505B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). To avoid theft and tampering of the portable electrical energy storage devices, by default, each portable electrical energy storage device is locked in and operably connected to the vehicle to which it provides power unless the vehicle comes within the vicinity of a collection, charging and distribution machine or other authorized external device such as that in a service center. Once within the vicinity of a collection, charging and distribution machine or other authorized external device a locking mechanism in the vehicle or within the portable electrical energy storage device unlocks and allows the portable electrical energy storage device to be exchanged or serviced.
id-US20170097652A1    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices. To charge, the machines employ electrical current from an external source. As demand at individual collection, charging and distribution machines increases or decreases relative to other collection, charging and distribution machines, a distribution management system initiates redistribution of portable electrical energy storage devices from one collection, charging and distribution machine to another collection, charging and distribution machine in an expeditious manner. Also, redeemable incentives are offered to users to return or exchange their portable electrical energy storage devices at selected collection, charging and distribution machines within the network to effect the redistribution.
id-EP2737600B1    abstract-
id-US9129461B2    abstract-A collection, charging and distribution machine collects, charges and distributes portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, super- or ultracapacitors). To charge, the machine employs electrical current from an external source, such as the electrical grid or an electrical service of an installation location. The machine determines a first number of devices to be rapidly charged, employing charge from a second number of devices identified to sacrifice charge. Thus, some devices may be concurrently charged via current from the electrical service and current from other devices, to achieve rapid charging of some subset of devices. The devices that sacrifice charge may later be charged. Such may ensure availability of devices for end users.
id-RU2607469C2    abstract-Использование: в области электротехники. Технический результат - определение необходимой степени заряженности тяговой аккумуляторной батареи до начала цикла езды для обеспечения возможности рекуперирования энергии торможения во время цикла езды. Зарядка батареи до необходимой степени заряженности происходит до начала цикла езды транспортного средства. Необходимая степень заряженности определяется на основании профиля энергии рекуперативного торможения, которая, как ожидается, будет рекуперирована, и профиля энергии, которая, как ожидается, будет использована от батареи в течение части будущего цикла езды. 3 н. и 17 з.п. ф-лы, 8 ил.
id-EP2737599B1    abstract-
id-US9830753B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). Locations of collection, charging and distribution machines having available charged portable electrical energy storage devices are communicated to or acquired by a mobile device of a user, or displayed on a collection, charging and distribution machine. The locations are indicated on a graphical user interface on a map on a user's mobile device relative to the user's current location. The user may use their mobile device select particular locations on the map to reserve an available portable electrical energy storage device. The system nay also warn the user that the user is near an edge of the pre-determined area having portable electrical energy storage device collection, charging and distribution machines. Reservations may also be made automatically based on information regarding a potential route of a user.
id-US10330030B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a hybrid system comprising a supercharging system for an internal combustion engine (1), the hybrid system comprising: a charging device (6) with a turbine (7) connected to a compressor (8) via a compressor shaft (9), the compressor having a high speed shaft (30); a planetary gear (25) coupled between the high speed shaft (30) and an electric motor/generator (20); a clutch (18a); and a power transmission for connecting a crank shaft (4) of the combustion engine (1) to the electric motor/generator (20) via the clutch (18a); wherein the hybrid system further comprises a system control (23) configured to operate the hybrid system in different operating modes according to a control sequence based on one, or a plurality of, input parameters representative of operational properties of the hybrid system.
id-US8710800B2    abstract-A vehicle battery and charging method that may be used to balance cell voltages during a battery charging operation, and may do so in a way that protects the individual cells from over-charging and improves the overall efficiency of the operation. According to one example, the vehicle battery includes a number of cell-balancing current paths, each of which is connected in parallel to an individual battery cell and can shunt or bypass the corresponding cell when its voltage exceeds some maximum amount. This may enable under-charged battery cells to be charged at the same time that over-charged battery cells are bypassed. Each of the cell-balancing current paths may include a series-connected electronic switch and zener diode combination, where the electronic switch is controlled by a battery control module so that cell-balancing can be enabled during a battery charging operation and disabled at other times.
id-CN102897052B    abstract-本发明涉及控制车辆蓄电池的方法和系统，具体地，提出了一种用于操控、调整或以其它方式控制高压车辆蓄电池例如用于混合动力或电动车辆推进的那种类型蓄电池的充电状态（SOC）操作范围的方法和系统。通过提供响应于变化的蓄电池条件的动态SOC操作范围，可以改善蓄电池性能，从而延长蓄电池寿命。根据具体实施方案，动态SOC操作范围可以具有硬和/或软边界或限值的不同组合。
id-TWI584976B    abstract-
id-TWI517078B    abstract-
id-US9083222B2    abstract-A self-excited eddy current liquid-cooled retarder is disclosed. The retarder pertains to an auxiliary braking device retarding a vehicle, and comprises a retarder rotor, a retarder stator, a control module and a generator unit. The retarder rotor comprises a retarder coil, an electromagnet core and a core cage. The retarder coil is wound on a coil frame. The electromagnet core is inserted into the coil frame. The electromagnet core, the retarder coil and the coil frame are evenly distributed on the circumference of the core cage. The retarder rotor is connected to a transmission shaft of an automobile. The inner circle of the retarder stator and the outer circle of the electromagnet core of the retarder rotor are coaxial. The generator unit comprises a generator exciting winding, a generator exciting magnetic pole, a generator armature winding and a generator armature core and is received in the retarder rotor.
id-US10186094B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). Locations of collection, charging and distribution machines having available charged portable electrical energy storage devices are communicated to or acquired by a mobile device of a user or a navigation system of a user's vehicle. The locations are indicated on a graphical user interface on a map relative to the user's current location. The user may select particular locations on the map to reserve an available portable electrical energy storage device at a particular collection, charging and distribution machine location. The collection, charging and distribution machine locations displayed may also be based on a physical distance or driving time from the current location of the user mobile device or vehicle.
id-US8988034B2    abstract-A drive system for an electric motor includes a connection for a battery, and an inverter having an input side connected to an intermediate circuit and an output side having a connection for an electric motor. The intermediate circuit includes a first thyristor connected in parallel with an intermediate circuit capacitance. The drive system may also include a rectifier having an input side connected at the output side of the inverter in parallel with the electric motor, and a second thyristor connected an output side of the rectifier. The first/second thyristor are configured to be activated by a monitor incorporated in or assigned to the drive system. In the event of a malfunction, the input and/or output side of the inverter can be electrically isolated to allow a multiply redundant armature short circuit.
id-US9727066B2    abstract-In a fuel cell system which includes a high-electricity multiple-phase converter, noise generated due to an increase in reactor vibrations and due to a sound pressure increase caused by a plurality of reactors is effectively inhibited, and silence is improved. A fuel cell system includes a multiple-phase converter provided between a fuel cell and a load device. The fuel cell system includes: selecting means (e.g., a controller) for selecting a driving phase of the multiple-phase converter in accordance with the load of the load device; and driving means (e.g., a controller) for driving a plurality of driving phases, when selected by the selecting means, at carrier frequencies so that these driving phases are nearly opposite to each other.
id-US9673654B2    abstract-A multi-stage quick charging system is proposed. The system uses an intermediate power battery as voltage supporting point so that a converter having a fraction of the output voltage may control the entire power flow towards or from the battery of a vehicle or an electrical power device. The intermediate battery comprises several stages in series, associated with respective small chargers allowing a management of the charge balancing of the stages of the intermediate battery, since the chargers may be controlled in order to separately vary the contribution of each stage.
id-US8662600B2    abstract-A lawnmower vehicle which is a working vehicle with an electromagnetic brake includes left and right electromagnetic brakes, a brake relay which is a common brake releasing unit, and an ECU. The ECU compares electricity supply states of the left and right electromagnetic brakes, and controls the brake relay to disconnect an electrical connection between a battery and the left and right electromagnetic brakes, and to brake left and right wheels when a difference in the electricity supply states compared by a comparator exceeds an allowable upper limit.
id-US9130489B2    abstract-A vehicle converts DC power from a power storage device into AC power by an inverter to run by driving a three-phase motor generator. A switching unit is provided at a path electrically connecting the motor generator and the inverter. The switching unit includes a relay corresponding to each phase. Each relay is configured to connect a coil of a corresponding phase in the motor generator to a corresponding driving arm in the inverter, or to a connection node of capacitors connected in series between direct current side terminals of the inverter. When short-circuit failure is detected at a switching element of any one of the phases in the inverter, an ECU switches the relay of the corresponding phase in the switching unit to the side of the connection node.
id-EP2731821B1    abstract-
id-US9415732B2    abstract-A vehicle power unit is operable to, when not driving the starter, charge first and second capacitors. A controller is operable to, when driving the starter, cause the battery to supply power to the starter if a total voltage of first and second capacitor voltages is smaller than a predetermined total voltage. The controller is operable to, when driving the starter, form a parallel circuit of the battery and the first capacitor, and connect the second capacitor in series to the parallel circuit if the total voltage is not smaller than the predetermined total voltage at a beginning of use of the vehicle. The controller is operable to, when driving the starter, disconnect the battery from the starter. The vehicle power unit reduces a load applied to the battery when driving the starter, accordingly extending a life time of the battery.
id-US9221460B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a drivetrain of a motor vehicle, having an internal combustion engine, having an electric machine, having a transmission unit, in particular a manual transmission, and having a clutch unit. The clutch unit comprises a first clutch actuable by a driver of the motor vehicle and a second clutch automatically actuable by a control unit. The electric machine can be coupled in terms of drive to the transmission unit by means of the first clutch and the internal combustion engine can be coupled in terms of drive to the electric machine by means of the second clutch.
id-DE102011108446A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug (10) umfasst einen Elektromotor (4) zum Antrieb des Fahrzeugs (10) und eine Hochvolt-Batterie (5) zur Versorgung des Elektromotors (4). Ein Gefälle einer Fahrbahn, auf welcher das Fahrzeug (10) fährt, wird automatisch erfasst. Zur Rekuperation für das Fahrzeug (10) wird eine Rekuperationsleistung (R1–R3) einer Rekuperation (11) des Fahrzeugs (10) abhängig von dem erfassten Gefälle (ε0 bis ε3) eingestellt.
id-US20130015796A1    abstract-A converter for an electrical machine having a plurality of phase lines for connecting the electrical machine. For each phase line the converter has a half-bridge with a first first semiconductor switch is configured to electrically connect at least one of the phase lines intermittently to a first supply line of the converter, and a second semiconductor switch configured to electrically connect the phase line intermittently to a second supply line of the converter. The converter is configured for operation in a first energy recovery limiting mode in which at least two of the first semiconductor switches are at least intermittently on simultaneously.
id-CN102904523B    abstract-一种为多相交变信号确定调制方案的方法，所述方法包括：在多个电角度处确定具有最小值的多相交变信号；在分别的所述多个电角度处从所述交变信号的每个减去各自的最小值，以为每个信号提供调制值，其中，对于在分别的所述多个电角度处具有小于第一预定值的非零调制值的信号，向所述调制值的每个增加第二预定值。
id-WO2013010790A3    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines elektrischen Netzes (44), insbesondere eines Kraftfahrzeugs (10), wobei das elektrische Netz (44) wenigstens zwei elektrische Maschinen (14, 34), die über jeweils einen steuerbaren Wechselrichter (32, 42) mit dem elektrischen Netz (44) verbunden sind, aufweist, wobei ein geregelter Generatorbetrieb einer ersten der elektrischen Maschinen (14, 34) eingeleitet wird, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass in einem ersten Schritt das Unterschreiten eines ersten vorgebbaren Spannungswertes der in dem elektrischen Netz (44) verfügbaren elektrischen Spannung erfasst wird, und anschließend in einem zweiten Schritt, in Abhängigkeit einer zu erwartenden induzierten Freilaufspannung einer der elektrischen Maschinen (14, 32), einer der Wechselrichter (32, 42) ausgewählt wird, der einer elektrischen Maschine (14, 32) zugeordnet ist, und so angesteuert wird, dass die daran angeschlossene elektrische Maschine (14, 34) im elektrischen Freilauf betrieben wird, so dass diese aufgrund ihrer Drehung eine Freilaufspannung induziert, welche im elektrischen Netz (44) anliegt und anschließend in einem dritten Schritt das Überschreiten eines zweiten vorgebbaren Spannungswertes der in dem elektrischen Netz (44) verfügbaren induzierten elektrischen Freilaufspannung erfasst wird und anschließend in einem vierten Schritt der Wechselrichter (32,42) der ersten elektrischen Maschine (14, 34) so angesteuert wird, dass die daran angeschlossene erste elektrische Maschine (14, 34) im geregelten Generatorbetrieb betrieben wird.
id-WO2013004799A3    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein elektrisch antreibbares Fahrzeug mit mehreren Elektroenergiespeichern (03, 08), wie beispielsweise ein Elektroauto mit einer Batterie (03) und mehreren Kondensatoren (08). Die Erfindung ist zum einen durch ein elektrisch antreibbares Fahrzeug repräsentiert, welches mehrere Antriebseinheiten (02) zum Antrieb des Fahrzeuges umfasst. Die Antriebseinheiten (02) besitzen jeweils mindestens einen Elektromotor (11). Das Fahrzeug umfasst dezentrale Elektroenergiespeicher (08) zur Speisung jeweils eines der Elektromotoren (11). Im Weiteren besitzt das Fahrzeug einen zentralen Elektroenergiespeicher (03) zur Speisung der dezentralen Elektroenergiespeicher (08), welcher auch eine unmittelbare Speisung der Elektromotoren (11) ermöglicht. Das Fahrzeug umfasst zudem eine Steuerungseinheit (13) zur Steuerung der zwischen dem zentralen Elektroenergiespeicher (03) und den dezentralen Elektroenergiespeichern (08) fließenden Ströme. Erfindungsgemäß ist in einer Gesamtheit der dezentralen Elektroenergiespeicher (08) eine Energiemenge zum Beschleunigen des Fahrzeuges auf eine Betriebsgeschwindigkeit des Fahrzeuges speicherbar, während im zentralen Elektroenergiespeicher (03) eine Energiemenge zum Bewegen des Fahrzeuges über eine Betriebsreichweite des Fahrzeuges speicherbar ist.
id-DE102012207395A1    abstract-Bei einer Steuereinrichtung für ein Fahrzeug weist eine Bremssteuereinheit auf: einen Hauptzylinder-Zustandsvariablendetektierbereich zum Detektieren einer Hauptzylinder-Zustandsvariablen, die auf einen Zustand des Hauptzylinders bezogen ist; einen ersten Regenerativbremskraft-Berechnungsbereich, der dazu ausgestaltet ist, eine erste regenerative Bremskraft zu berechnen, wenn die von dem Hauptzylinder-Zustandsvariablendetektierbereich detektierte Hauptzylinder-Zustandsvariable kleiner ist als eine vorbestimmte Zustandsvariable; einen zweiten Regenerativbremskraft-Berechnungsbereich, der dazu ausgestaltet ist, eine zweite regenerative Bremskraft zu berechnen, die kleiner ist als die erste regenerative Bremskraft, wenn die von dem Hauptzylinder-Zustandsvariablendetektierbereich detektierte Hauptzylinder-Zustandsvariable gleich oder größer ist als die vorbestimmte Zustandsvariable; und einen Bremssteuerbereich, der dazu ausgestaltet ist, die Flüssigkeitsdruck-Bremskraft auf der Basis mindestens einer der ersten und der zweiten regenerativen Bremskraft zu berechnen.
id-FR2977538A1    abstract-Un procédé de simulation de freinage moteur pour un véhicule équipé d'un moyen de freinage régénératif et d'un moyen de freinage complémentaire, le procédé comportant une étape de transmission d'une commande de substitution (V ) vers ledit moyen de freinage complémentaire, ladite commande de substitution étant élaborée à partir d'une valeur de déficit de couple (V ) fonction d'une valeur de consigne de freinage moteur (V ) et d'une valeur de potentiel de freinage du moyen de freinage régénératif (V ).
id-KR101251280B1    abstract-본 발명은 연료전지 차량의 회생 제동시 제동성능 확보를 위한 제어 방법에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는 연속된 내리막길에서 회생 제동시 배터리가 만충된 경우 브레이크 오일의 과열을 방지하여 제동 안정성을 확보하기 위한 제어 방법에 관한 것이다. 이를 위해 본 발명은, 차량의 연속적인 내리막길 주행 중 고전압 배터리가 만충전되어 그의 충전이 불가능한 경우, 연료전지에 공기 공급이 중단되면 연료전지 시스템의 냉각수 유동 라인에 부하들을 작동시켜 전기모터의 발전으로 생성된 전기에너지를 소모하도록 하는 것을 특징으로 하는 연료전지 차량의 회생 제동시 제동성능 확보를 위한 제어 방법을 제공한다.
id-KR101221842B1    abstract-본 발명은  에너지 절약형 열차군 관리 시스템에 관한 것으로; 전동열차의 스케줄정보를 관리하며 그 스케줄정보에 따라 전동열차의 운행을 감시 및 제어하는 중앙관제센터의 운영서버와, 상기 운영서버로부터 스케줄정보를 수신받는 전동열차의 운행을 감시 및 제어하는 차상제어장치로 구성되괴, 상기 운영서버는 동일급전구간 내에서 제동운전하는 전동열차와 역행운전중인 전동열차가 정합되도록 상기 전동열차들의 스케줄 정보를 제어하는 것을 특징으로 하는 에너지 절약형 열차군 관리 시스템을 제공한다.  본 발명에 따르면, 전동열차가 제동운전을 하여 회생전력이 생산되면 이를 동일급전구간 내에서 역행운전 중인 다른 전동열차의 동력자원으로 활용하여 전력 소비의 최소화와 피크 전력의 완화효과를 얻을 수 있다.
id-KR20130008350A    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 회생 제동 장치의 DC 링크를 안정화시킴으로써 모터 부하 변화로 발생하는 회생 에너지 손실을 줄이고 배터리 수명을 연장할 수 있도록 한 회생 제동 제어 방법 및 장치에 관한 것으로, a) DC링크 전압을 검출하는 단계; (b) 상기 DC링크 전압의 차를 계산하는 단계; (c) 상기 DC링크 전압차가 기준전압 범위를 초과하는지를 확인하는 단계; 및 (d) 상기 DC링크 전압차의 기준전압 범위 초과 여부에 따라 저 PWM 주파수 모드로 진입 또는 PWM 출력 차단 또는 노멀모드로 진입하는 단계;를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-WO2013015817A1    abstract-A motor vehicle including a hybrid electric drive train, a multiple bus power distribution system for the drive train and loads, and a control system including a plurality of switching devices allowing selective connection and disconnection of the buses from loads, the drive train and electrical power storage elements, provides for power flow control. Power flow control is responsive to the electrical machine entering its traction mode monitoring power flow from the electrical power storage device, to the electrical machine entering its generator mode monitoring the output voltage level of the electrical machine, to the electrical power storage device exceeding a maximum permitted rate reconfiguring the motor vehicle to deliver less power to the electrical machine, or to the voltage level from the electrical machine exceeding a maximum permitted level directing the electrical machine to reduce power output.
id-US20140214298A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for controlling a vehicle ( 1 ) equipped with a means ( 10 ) for recuperating the energy generated under braking, comprising steps of acquiring a braking instruction, calculating a first intermediate setpoint using a preventive filter which filters said braking instruction at the resonant frequency of the drive train ( 20 ) of the vehicle ( 1 ), calculating a second intermediate setpoint, formulated so as to damp out the oscillations in the drive train ( 20 ) using a curative filter, controlling said regenerative means ( 10 ) on the basis of said first and second intermediate setpoints, and controlling the brakes ( 60, 70 ). According to the invention, the second intermediate setpoint is calculated as a function of a forecast value of a dynamic characteristic of the recuperative means, estimated using a predictive mathematical model.
id-JP2014525726A    abstract-本発明は電気的なエネルギー貯蔵器（１４）と電気的に接続された少なくとも１つの電気機器（１２）の駆動トルクにより駆動される原動機付き車両（１０）を制動する方法に関するものであり、第１の動作モードでは、前記少なくとも１つの電気機器（１２）が発電機として動作して発電機制動トルクを発生させ、第２の動作モードでは、前記エネルギー貯蔵器（１４）から前記少なくとも１つの電気機器（１２）へ電気的なエネルギーを供給して、前記少なくとも１つの電気機器（１２）によって駆動トルクと逆向きの制動トルクを発生させることを特徴とする。 【選択図】図１
id-US9073425B2    abstract-A wheel hub drive system with an electric motor that can be arranged inside a wheel rim, whereby the electric motor is formed by rotor that is at least indirectly joined to a wheel hub and by means of a stationary stator that can be supplied with alternating current. With an eye towards obtaining more space for the vehicle occupants, it is proposed to arrange the converter with its entire power electronics unit on the stator so that the wheel hub drive system can be operated with direct current from the battery of the vehicle, or else no alternating current lines have to be laid in the vehicle. Consequently, the alternating current is generated by the converter that is arranged in a converter housing attached axially next to the stator.
id-EP3153341B1    abstract-
id-US9698716B2    abstract-The controller estimates torque output by the motor and controls the current supplied to the motor in such a manner that a torque estimate of the motor obtained by the estimation corresponds to the torque command value. A torque estimation calculator  120  estimates the torque output by the motor. A phase error command calculator  125  calculates a command value of a phase error from the deviation between the torque estimate and a torque command value. A speed estimation calculator  130  outputs a speed estimate in such a manner that a phase error estimate corresponds to the command value of the phase error.
id-US9126583B2    abstract-A control device for a hybrid vehicle has an engine, a motor configured to output a driving force of the vehicle and performing a startup of the engine, a first engagement element interposed between the engine and the motor that selectively connects and releases the engine and the motor, a second engagement element interposed between the motor and a driving wheel that selectively engages and releases the motor and the driving wheel, a driving force transmission system load detecting device that either detects or estimates a load of the driving force transmission system, and an engine/motor slip drive control unit that slip engages the first engagement element with the engine maintaining in rotating state at a predetermined rotation speed, and slip engages the second engagement element with the motor at a rotation speed lower than the predetermined rotation speed.
id-US8988042B2    abstract-In a vehicle ( 100 ), a power storage device ( 110 ) mounted thereon can be charged with electric power transmitted from an external power supply device ( 500, 500 A) via a power cable ( 400, 400 A). The vehicle ( 100 ) includes a PLC communication unit ( 230 ) for establishing PLC communication with the external power supply device ( 500, 500 A) via the power cable ( 400 ). An ECU ( 300 ) starts transmission of a signal from the PLC communication unit ( 230 ) to the external power supply device ( 500, 500 A) in response to connection of the power cable ( 400 ) to an inlet ( 220 ). When a response from the external power supply device ( 500, 500 A) to the signal is not received, the ECU ( 300 ) switches a CCID ( 430, 540 ) provided in the power cable ( 400 ) or the external power supply device ( 500 A) to a state in which supply of the electric power is possible, and thereafter, retransmits the signal from the PLC communication unit ( 230 ) to the external power supply device ( 500, 500 A).
id-US9059652B2    abstract-A motor drive system includes a first interlock mechanism configured to be activated in response to transition to an operable state of an interruption device, to open an open/close device, a second interlock mechanism configured to be activated in response to transition to an openable state of a case containing a power control unit, to open the open/close device, and a control device. The control device is configured to perform, when the first interlock mechanism is activated, a first process of opening the open/close device after shutting down the power control unit, and to perform, when the second interlock mechanism is activated, a second process of opening the open/close device while driving the power control unit, instead of the first process, depending on a counter electromotive voltage generated by a motor.
id-US9120482B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle drive configured with a power transfer path that includes a first engagement device, a rotary electric machine, and a second engagement device. These elements being arranged in this order from an input member coupled to an engine to an output member that is coupled to the wheels of the vehicle. The control device is configured with an control section that controls output torque of the rotary electric machine such that a rotational speed becomes closer to a target rotational speed with both the first and second engagement devices brought into a slip engagement state and with the rotary electric machine generating electric power. The control section maintains control in which at least one of a temperature of the rotary electric machine and a temperature of an inverter is monitored as a monitoring target temperature.
id-US9481253B2    abstract-An energy storage system for connection to a traction power supply that provides power to an electric vehicle. The energy storage system includes a power controller that controls a DC-DC converter to transfer electrical energy from the traction power supply to electrical energy storage when the train is braking. The power controller also controls the converter to transfer electrical energy from the electrical energy storage to the traction power supply when the train is accelerating. The controller slows the rate of energy transfer when upper and lower voltage boundary limits of the electrical energy storage are approached, respectively.
id-US8996220B2    abstract-A torque control device for use in a hybrid vehicle equipped with a generator driven by an internal combustion engine has a command value calculator that calculates an engine torque command value and a rotation speed command value of the generator based on a target generation power of the generator set in accordance with a running state of the hybrid vehicle, a generator torque command value calculator that calculates a generator torque command value to cause a rotation speed calculation value to match the rotation speed command value, a generator controller that controls the generator based on the generator torque command value, a rotation speed detector that detects a rotation speed detection value of the generator, and a pulsation removal filter.
id-US9617715B2    abstract-A construction machine including an internal combustion engine controlled based on a torque command, an electric motor mechanically connected to the internal combustion engine, and an electric energy storage device that supplies electric power to the electric motor, the construction machine performing work by driving a hydraulic pressure generator using the internal combustion engine and the electric motor, the construction machine including: a speed control device that controls a speed of the electric motor based on a speed command; and a torque limiter that limits the torque command relative to a torque target, wherein the torque command is limited by the torque limiter in such a manner that a rate of change with time of the torque command is limited to be equal to or less than a predetermined value.
id-EP2564684B1    abstract-
id-EP2746124B1    abstract-
id-WO2013027726A1    abstract-第二係合装置の発熱量を小さく抑えつつ所望の電力量を確保することができると共に、状況に応じて望ましい走行状態を実現可能な制御装置を提供する。内燃機関と車輪とを結ぶ動力伝達経路に、内燃機関の側から順に、第一係合装置、回転電機、第二係合装置、及び出力部材、が設けられた車両用駆動装置を制御対象とする制御装置。制御装置は、第一係合装置及び第二係合装置の双方のスリップ係合状態で回転電機に発電を行わせる第一制御モードから、第一係合装置の直結係合状態且つ第二係合装置のスリップ係合状態で回転電機に発電を行わせる第二制御モードへと移行させるモード移行制御を実行する。
id-US20140207355A1    abstract-An electronic control unit of a braking force control apparatus for a vehicle activates, as a first state, in-wheel motors in a regeneration state, thereby generating motor braking torques, and causes friction brake mechanisms to generate friction braking forces. Moreover, the unit activates, as a second state, the motors in a power running state, thereby generating motor driving torques, and causes the mechanisms to generate friction braking forces. Then, when the state is caused to transition between the first state and the second state, the unit changes magnitudes of the braking torques or the driving torques generated by the motors to one of increase and decrease, and changes magnitudes of the friction braking forces generated by the mechanisms to one of increase and decrease.
id-US20130049657A1    abstract-A regenerative load electric power management system can include a system bus, an input filter coupled to the system bus, a first bidirectional solid state power controller coupled to the system bus, a motor drive inverter coupled to the input filter, a second bidirectional solid state power controller coupled to the motor drive inverter, a bidirectional direct current DC-DC converter coupled to the second bidirectional solid state power controller and an energy storage bus coupled to the bidirectional DC-DC converter, the energy storage bus providing access to an energy storage device.
id-JP5550788B2    abstract-
id-EP2740644B1    abstract-
id-WO2013029539A1    abstract-一种汽车，特别涉及一种高能电动车。高能电动车，包括底盘及车身（1）、车轮，车身（1）上设置有动力系统，动力系统包括发电装置、蓄电池（4）及电动机（5），所述发电装置包括后轮（9）和发电机（6），所述后轮（9）经后轴传动机构与发电机（6）连接，所述发电机（6）与蓄电池（4）连接，所述蓄电池（4）与电动机（5）连接，所述电动机（5）通过前轴传动机构与前轴（3）相连接。该高能电动车设置的动力系统通过蓄电池（4）的电能驱动前轴（3）转动，前轴（3）带动汽车前行，汽车前行的同时后轮（9）转动，后轮（9）转动再通过后轴传动机构带动发电机（6）发电，发电机（6）产生的电能对蓄电池（4）充电，如此循环，实现了汽车在行驶的过程中对蓄电池（4）进行充电。
id-CN102954207A    abstract-一种用于控制供应流体至变速器的泵的方法包括感测动力系统的请求功率和超量功率。请求功率基本上满足动力系统的需求，而超量功率不是请求功率的部分。方法包括感测触发条件，其响应于将超量功率转换为变速器内的热量的能力，且确定变速器的操作温度低于最大值。方法还包括确定用于泵的校准基线和耗散指令。校准基线指令被配置用于基于请求功率供应流体，耗散指令被配置用于以泵来供应额外的流体和消耗超量功率。方法然后以组合指令操作泵，该指令等于校准基线加耗散指令。
id-DE102011110639A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Energieversorgungseinrichtung zur elektrischen Energieversorgung eines elektrisch antreibbaren Fahrzeuges mit einer Mehrzahl von auf dem Fahrzeug angeordneten Energiequellen, die zur Bereitstellung von elektrischer Energie zur Energieversorgung des Fahrzeuges ausgebildet sind. Die Energieversorgungseinrichtung umfasst weiterhin eine Energie-Steuereinheit, die zur Steuerung der Energiebereitstellung aus den verschiedenen Energiequellen in Abhängigkeit von Zustands- und/oder Leistungscharakteristiken der Energiequellen und von einer Betriebsanforderung des Fahrzeuges eingerichtet ist.
id-DE102011109663A1    abstract-Bei einem Verdichtungsgerät (3), mit einem Rahmen (12) und mindestens einer relativ zu dem Rahmen (12) um eine Bandagenachse (1) drehbare Bandage (2), ist vorgesehen, dass ein elektromagnetischer Antrieb (5) vorgesehen ist, der elektromagnetisch eine Kraft auf die Bandage (2) ausübt, so dass die Bandage (2) in Bezug zu dem Rahmen (12) entsprechend zumindest eines von dem elektromagnetischen Antrieb erzeugten, sich verändernden Magnetfeldes bewegbar ist.
id-KR101186569B1    abstract-본 발명은 철도차량용 유도급전망을 활용한 철도역사의 전기차 충전 시스템에 관한 것으로서, 철도차량으로 전력을 급전하는 철도용 급전라인; 급전된 전력을 고주파의 교류전력으로 변환하는 고주파 전력변환장치; 철도차량이 점유하는 철도용 급전라인으로만 전력이 급전되도록 스위칭하는 Section 전환스위치; 철도궤도에 설치되어 Section 전환스위치를 통해 인가되는 전력을 철도차량에 급전시키는 유도급전모듈; 고주파 전력변환장치로부터 인가받은 전력을 철도차량으로부터 공급되는 고주파 고전압의 전력을 전기차에 공급하기 위한 고주파 저전압으로 변환하는 고주파 변압기를 포함하는 전기차 충전장치; 및 전기차 주차공간 저면 하부에 매설되어 충전라인을 통해 전기차 충전장치로부터 인가되는 충전전력을 접속된 전기차로 급전시키는 전기차 충전모듈;을 포함한다. 상기와 같은 본 발명에 따르면, 철도차량용 유도급전망과 연계되어 전기차 충전시스템에 안정적인 전력공급이 가능하고, 사용자 입장에서 기존의 충전인프라보다 사용이 편리한 전기차 충전인프라를 구현하고, 대용량 전기차 충전시스템 1대에서 다수의 충전라인을 인출하여 전기차를 충전함으로써, 기존의 1:1 방식에 비해 충전설비 설치 공간이 적어 공간활용에 효율적이며, 충전시스템 구축에 소요되는 비용을 현저히 절감시키는 효과가 있다.
id-US20160176302A1    abstract-A wireless vehicle battery charging system includes an off-vehicle transducer connected to a power source and configured to wirelessly transmit and receive a first alternating current having a first frequency, an on-vehicle transducer configured to wirelessly transmit and receive the first alternating current, and a frequency converting circuit connected to the on-vehicle transducer. The frequency converting circuit is configured to change the first frequency of the first alternating current to a second alternating current having a second frequency. The system further includes a battery within the vehicle and a regenerative braking circuit connected to the frequency converting circuit and the battery. The regenerative braking circuit is configured to rectify the second alternating current to a direct current supplied to the battery and configured to convert the direct current from the battery to the second alternating current supplied to the frequency converting circuit.
id-JP2013065536A    abstract-【課題】優れた電池特性を得ることが可能な二次電池を提供する。 【解決手段】二次電池は、正極および負極と共に電解液を備えており、その電解液は、不飽和六員環炭酸エステルを含んでいる。 【選択図】図１
id-JP2013038845A    abstract-【課題】スイッチング電力素子を保護しながらトルク出力を可能な限り実現する車両の駆動装置を提供する。 【解決手段】車両の駆動装置は、バッテリＭＢと、モータジェネレータＭＧ１を駆動するインバータ１４と、モータジェネレータＭＧ２を駆動するインバータ２２と、インバータ１４およびインバータ２２に共通する電源ラインとバッテリＭＢとの間に設けられ電源ラインの電圧とバッテリＭＢの電圧との間で電圧変換を行なう電圧コンバータ１２と、インバータ１４、インバータ２２および電圧コンバータ１２を制御する制御装置３０とを備える。制御装置３０は、電圧コンバータ１２に故障が発生している場合にインバータ２２において回生電力が発生する条件が成立したときには、インバータ１４を用いて電源ラインのディスチャージ処理を実行して電源ラインの電圧の上昇を緩和させる。 【選択図】図１
id-KR101221032B1    abstract-본 발명의 일 실시예는 전동차의 하이브리드 원보드 시스템에 관한 것으로, 해결하고자 하는 기술적 과제는 전동차의 감속시 발생되는 회생 에너지를 신속하게 저장할 뿐만 아니라 대출력 구동 전원으로 이용함에 있다. 이를 위해 본 발명은 교류 전원을 직류 전원으로 변환하는 팬터그라프, 상기 팬터그라프로부터의 직류 전원을 저장하는 DC 링크, 상기 DC 링크로부터의 전원을 교류로 변환하여 모터에 출력하거나, 상기 모터로부터 발전된 교류를 직류로 변환하여 상기 DC 링크에 저장하는 인버터로 이루어진 전동차의 하이브리드 원보드 시스템에 있어서, 상기 전동차의 감속 운전시 상기 모터에 의해 발생하는 회생 전력을 상기 인버터를 통해 입력받아 이를 저장하고, 상기 전동차의 가속 운전시 저장된 회생 전력을 상기 모터의 구동전원으로 출력하는 에너지 회생부를 포함하고, 상기 에너지 회생부는 상기 DC 링크와 상기 인버터의 사이에 전기적으로 연결된 충방전부와, 상기 충방전부에 전기적으로 연결된 에너지 저장부를 포함한다.
id-FR2978880A1    abstract-Ce dispositif de rechargement par induction d'une batterie électrique de traction d'un véhicule automobile électrique ou hybride comportant au moins un moteur-roue (26) à champ électromagnétique axial disposé sur la face extérieure d'une roue du véhicule comporte une première partie équipée d'au moins un élément d'induction primaire (34) et une seconde partie située sur le moteur-roue et équipée d'au moins un élément d'induction secondaire (32) adapté à coopérer avec l'élément d'induction primaire (34) pour créer un champ électromagnétique et le transformer en un courant induit destiné à recharger la batterie.
id-KR101220392B1    abstract-본 발명은 가속페달의 팁 인 혹은 팁 아웃에 따라 모터의 토크를 능동적으로 제어하여 에너지의 효율 향상을 제공하는 전기자동차의 제어방법이 개시된다. 본 발명은 운행상태에서 차속과 가속페달의 작동상태를 검출하는 과정, 가속페달의 작동이 팁 아웃으로 검출되면 차속을 분석하여 정속주행인지를 판단하는 과정, 가속페달의 팁 아웃이 정속주행에서 검출된 것으로 판단되면 모터의 회생 발전이 실행되지 않도록 제어하는 과정을 포함한다.
id-KR101300750B1    abstract-본 발명은 모터와, 모터에 의해 회전하는 휠과, 휠이 회전 가능하도록 설치되는 지그와, 휠의 외주면에 회전관성을 발생시키도록 고정되는 이너셔와, 상기 휠의 제동을 위해 상기 지그에 설치되는 브레이크를 포함하도록 한 회생제동 시뮬레이터와 이를 이용한 회생제동 시뮬레이션 방법에 관한 것이다. 본 발명에 따르면, 전기자동차의 회생제동에 대하여 일반 소비자들이 시각, 청각, 촉각 등의 감각을 통하여 직접 느끼면서 쉽게 이해할 수 있도록 한다.
id-JP5815039B2    abstract-
id-CN103857571B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于机动车的制动系统，所述制动系统包括：至少一个桥的车轮上的摩擦制动器，所述摩擦制动器由摩擦制动器控制装置控制；至少一个电机，所述电机与至少一个车轮连接并且由电动驱动装置控制装置来控制；用于检测减速度要求的装置，尤其是具有踏板角度传感器的制动踏板；车轮防滑调节装置；以及力矩分配装置。根据本发明，所述用于检测减速度要求的装置与所述车轮防滑调节装置连接，所述车轮防滑调节装置按照减速度要求预给定用于每个车轮的给定制动力矩，其中，所述车轮防滑调节装置与力矩分配装置连接，所述力矩分配装置与所述摩擦制动器控制装置和所述电动驱动装置控制装置连接并且按照所述给定制动力矩预给定对所述摩擦制动器控制装置的摩擦制动要求和对所述电动驱动装置控制装置的发电机制动要求。此外，本发明还涉及一种用于控制制动系统的方法。
id-US9746525B2    abstract-A battery system monitoring device that monitors a battery system provided with a cell group having a plurality of battery cells connected in series with each other, including: a first control device that monitors and controls states of the plurality of battery cells of the cell group; a second control device that controls the first control device; a temperature detection unit that measures a temperature in the vicinity of the first control device; and a plurality of voltage detection lines, for measuring an inter-terminal voltage of the battery cell, which connect each of a positive electrode and a negative electrode of the battery cell and the first control device. The first control device includes a balancing switch, which performs balancing discharge of the battery cell for each of the battery cells.
id-JP5348330B2    abstract-
id-US9956880B2    abstract-A drivable exercise machine may include an electric vehicle with human power input provided by a high output, variable-resistance pedal-driven generator. The vehicle may include a computing device with a user interface that mimics an electric exercise bicycle. Using one or more program modes, a user may activate pre-set, custom and dynamic terrain-based exercise program profiles while commuting.
id-US9266511B2    abstract-A method and system for controlling regenerative braking of a hybrid electric vehicle. The regenerative braking system includes a driver-operable brake pedal, a hydraulically actuated friction brake for at least one front wheel, an anti-lock braking system hydraulically connected to the hydraulically actuated friction brake, and an electrically actuated friction brake for at least one rear wheel. The regenerative braking system further includes an electric machine connected to the at least one rear wheel and capable of performing regenerative braking of the at least one rear wheel, and an electronic control unit that controls the stability of the hybrid electric vehicle. The regenerative braking system is configured to provide increased braking torque of the front hydraulically actuated friction brake by means of the anti-lock braking system for compensating a decreased or limited rear wheel braking torque initiated by the electronic control unit.
id-US8715876B2    abstract-A fuel cell vehicle is provided. At the time of regeneration of electric power by a motor, an ECU places a DC/DC converter in a direct connection state under control, and stores electric power in a battery while decreasing oxygen concentration or hydrogen concentration by a gas supply unit to decrease electric power generated by a fuel cell.
id-US9688160B2    abstract-A method of operating an electric system of a motor vehicle, consisting of a fuel cell system, an accumulator and an electric driving motor is provided. Without implementing an electric voltage conversion and therefore without an electric voltage converter, as a function of the level of the electric voltage made available by the fuel cell system and by the accumulator and the electric power demanded by the electric motor, a first switching element in the connection between the fuel cell system and a node point electrically connected with the accumulator and the electric motor, as well as a second switching element in the connection between the accumulator and this node point are opened or closed as needed. This is done such that the power requirement of the electric motor is met primarily from the fuel cell system, and in an auxiliary fashion, additionally from the accumulator. If the electric power offered by the fuel cell system exceeds the electric power demanded by the electric motor, the excess power will be fed to the accumulator for as long as its permissible charging current is not exceeded and the accumulator still has a defined residual storage capacity.
id-US9236736B2    abstract-A power supply system that supplies electric power to a load includes a first power storage device, a second power storage device, a power line for transmitting electric power input and output to and from the load, a converter for executing bidirectional DC voltage conversion between the first power storage device and the power line, and a switch connected between the second power storage device and the power line. When the switch is OFF, the control device performs voltage control of the converter so that a voltage value of the power line becomes a voltage command value, and when the switch is ON, the control device performs current control of the converter so that a current value of the first power storage device becomes a current command value.
id-US8557461B2    abstract-A fuel cell vehicle is provided. The voltage of a fuel cell is fixed, by a DC/DC converter, to a voltage outside an oxidation reduction progress voltage range of the fuel cell. In this state, oxygen concentration or hydrogen concentration is decreased by a gas supply unit, and electric power outputted from the fuel cell is decreased. In this state, regenerative electric power generated by regeneration is collected into a battery.
id-CN103048543B    abstract-本发明涉及用于车辆蓄电池的方法和系统，具体是用于具有多个单独蓄电池单元的车辆蓄电池组的方法和系统，其中该方法估计、推断或以其他方式确定单独电池单元电阻。根据示例性实施例，方法和系统使用单独蓄电池单元中每一个的电压和温度读数及总体蓄电池组的电压和电流的读数来确定一个或更多个电池单元电阻值，例如蓄电池组的最小和最大电池单元电阻。该方法依赖于蓄电池组中的温度偏差以便做出与单独电池单元电阻有关的假定或估计。通过使用单独电池单元电阻值，而不是使用总体蓄电池组电阻值和在缓冲器中构建以考虑电池单元变化，能够获得更好且更准确的电池单元水平数据，这又能够改进充电、放电、电池单元平衡和/或其他与蓄电池有关的过程。
id-US20150006000A1    abstract-A control system and control method for a hybrid vehicle, which properly determine based on a predicted charge amount whether or not to change a speed position, to thereby obtain a larger charge amount, thereby making it possible enhance fuel economy of the hybrid vehicle. A first charge amount is estimated which is an amount of electric power charged into a storage battery when regeneration is performed by an electric motor in a state in which the speed position of a stepped transmission is held, for a predetermined regeneration time period. Further, a second charge amount is estimated which is an amount of electric power charged into the storage battery when the speed position is changed to a target speed position within the regeneration time period, and regeneration by the electric motor  4  is performed until the regeneration time period elapses.
id-KR101639678B1    abstract-반송차의 축전기를 단시간에 충전할 수 있는 시스템을 제공한다. 반송차 시스템에서는, 축전기를 전원으로서 주행하는 복수 대의 반송차를, 소정의 주행 경로를 따라 지상측 컨트롤러의 제어하에 주행시킨다. 교류를 직류로 정류하는 정류기와, 정류기에 의해 충전되는 충전 장치측 축전기와, 반송차의 반송차측 축전기를 충전하기 위한 충전 커플러를 구비한 충전 장치가, 주행 경로를 따라 복수의 개소에 설치되어 있다. 반송차는 위치와 축전기의 잔용량을 지상측 컨트롤러에 보고하는 수단을 구비하고, 지상측 컨트롤러는, 반송차의 축전기의 잔용량과 위치에 따라 반송차를 선택하고, 선택한 반송차에 충전 커플러를 선택하여 지정하고, 지정한 충전 커플러에 접하는 위치에서 정지시켜 충전을 받도록 제어하는 충전 관리부를 구비하고 있다.
id-US20130062932A1    abstract-A brake control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a regenerative braking device, the brake control apparatus includes: a first brake circuit connecting a master cylinder configured to generate a brake hydraulic pressure by a brake operation of a driver, and a wheel cylinder to which the brake hydraulic pressure is applied; a booster configured to increase a pressure of a brake fluid within the master cylinder, and to transmit the pressurized brake fluid to the wheel cylinder through a second brake circuit connected with the first brake circuit; a third brake circuit bifurcated from the first brake circuit, and connected with the booster; a reservoir provided on the third brake circuit; and a recirculating device configured to recirculate the brake fluid stored in the reservoir, to the first brake circuit's side.
id-EP2754596A1    abstract-To provide a control system and a control method for a hybrid vehicle, which make it possible to cause the hybrid vehicle to efficiently travel to thereby make it possible to improve fuel economy. A control system 1 for a hybrid vehicle V includes an ECU 2. The ECU 2 calculates four total efficiencies TE_eng, TE_ch, TE_asst, and TE_ev, using energy ENE_eng2 transmitted from an internal combustion engine 3 to drive wheels DW during operation of the engine 3, energy ENE_mot2 transmitted from an electric motor 4 to the drive wheels DW during operation of the electric motor 4, energy ENE_mot2 charged when motive power of the engine 3 is converted to electric energy by a power generating operation of the electric motor 4 during the operation of the engine 3, and energy assumed to be supplied to whole motive power sources 3 and 4 (ENE_eng1, ENE_eng1 + ENE_mot1, ENE_mot1) (step 2), and selects a travel mode which makes it possible to obtain the highest value of the four total efficiencies TE_eng, TE_ch, TE_asst, and TE_ev according to required torque TRQ and vehicle speed VP (step 3).
id-CN103702858B    abstract-提供一种在具备发生了碰撞时对电容器进行放电的放电设备的电动车中，防止由于马达的反电动势所引起的感应电流而使放电设备受到损伤的技术。混合动力车（100）具备电容器（C1）、电流传感器（14）、放电电路（20）及控制器（30）。电容器（C1）与逆变器（13）的输入侧连接。放电电路（20）与电容器（C1）并联连接。电流传感器（14）对马达（MG）的反电动势所引起的感应电流进行计测。控制器（30）在被输入了表示异常或碰撞的信号时，在电流传感器（14）计测的感应电流的大小低于既定的电流阈值的情况下使放电电路（20）工作，在反电动势电流的大小超过电流阈值的情况下使放电电路（20）不工作。
id-DE102012216322A1    abstract-Ein Informationsdisplaysystem enthält ein Informationsdisplay, das relevante Informationen über den Betrieb eines Fahrzeugs kommuniziert. Das Informationsdisplay übermittelt einen Stand, der eine Lebensdauer oder langfristiges Fahren oder eine Betriebseffizienz des Fahrzeugs repräsentiert. Der Stand kann mittels einer Anzahl von Indikatoren numerisch oder graphisch übermittelt werden. Jeder Indikator kann einem anderen Errungenschaftsniveau entsprechen, das für effizientes Fahren oder effizientes Fahrzeugnutzverhalten erreicht wurde.
id-KR101388356B1    abstract-역행 시에 있어서의 전력 축적 수단의 과방전 혹은 회생 시에 있어서의 전력 축적 수단의 과충전을 방지한다.  직류 전원 전압(가선 전압)에 전압 조정 수단의 출력 전압을 가산하여 인버터 장치에 인가되는 전압을 상승시켜, 회생 브레이크력을 높이도록 한 철도 차량의 구동 제어 장치에 있어서, 상기 인버터 장치가 역행 동작 또는 회생 동작을 개시할 때에는, 이에 앞서 미리 전류 제어 수단을 동작시켜 두는 것과 함께, 상기 인버터 장치가 역행 동작 또는 회생 동작을 정지할 때에는, 이 이후에 상기 전류 제어 수단을 정지시킴으로써, 적어도 인버터 장치의 동작 기간 동안은, 상기 전류 제어 수단을 확실하게 동작시킴으로써, 상기 전압 조정 수단의 출력 전압(전력 축적 수단에 통류하는 전류)을 상기 전류 제어 수단에 의해 조정함으로써, 역행 시의 과방전 혹은 회생 시의 과충전을 방지한다.
id-WO2013044357A1    abstract-In an aspect, an electric vehicle is provided that includes an electric traction motor, a battery pack and a range extender system. The vehicle is capable of operating according to more than one control strategy for controlling the state of charge of the battery pack.
id-JP2013074640A    abstract-【課題】  バッテリーを１台のみ備えるＨＥＶやＥＶで、車両走行中であっても、このバッテリーを構成する二次電池のＳＯＣを正確に求めるための二次電池の端子間電圧測定のために、このバッテリーの定電流駆動を行う方法を提供する。 【解決手段】   本発明はモータ制御装置であって、モータの負荷変動により二次電池の充放電電流が変化する第一のモードと、モータの負荷変動に拘わらず、二次電池の充放電電流が所定時間は一定になる第二のモードとのいずれかのモードを設定するモード設定手段と、モード設定手段により設定されたモードと、トルク指令値と、モータ回転数とに基づいて、モータを駆動する駆動信号を生成する駆動信号生成手段とを備える。 【選択図】図２
id-JPWO2013035176A1    abstract-複数の電池セルを直列接続した複数個のセルグループを直列または直並列に接続した電池モジュールを制御する電池制御装置は、複数個のセルグループを各々制御する複数のセルコントローラＩＣと、複数のセルコントローラＩＣを電池モジュールに接続するために設けられた１つ以上のコネクタとを備える。複数のセルコントローラＩＣは、第１および第２のセルコントローラＩＣを含む。第１のセルコントローラＩＣのＧＮＤ端子側配線と第２のセルコントローラＩＣのＶＣＣ端子側配線とを電池制御装置の外部で接続するための補助接続部材（ピン）を設け、第１のセルコントローラＩＣのＧＮＤ端子側配線と第２のセルコントローラＩＣのＶＣＣ端子側配線との間にスイッチを設けた。
id-CN102991487B    abstract-本发明涉及车辆制动系统。在该车辆制动系统中，如果在替换转换时，车辆的制动扭矩（T2）偏离所要求的制动扭矩（T1），则执行对于由电动发电机（MG）提供的制动扭矩（MG扭矩）的反馈校正，使得偏离（制动扭矩偏离ΔT）减小。从而，根据所要求的制动扭矩（T1）适当地控制组合扭矩（MG扭矩+ECB扭矩），而不管由液压制动器（62）提供的制动扭矩（ECB扭矩）的响应滞后如何。因此，抑制了由车辆的制动扭矩（T2）的瞬降导致的替换冲击。特别是，由于由电动发电机（MG）提供的制动扭矩（MG扭矩）在响应方面很出色，所以能够适当地抑制替换冲击，而不管由液压制动器（62）提供的制动扭矩（ECB扭矩）的响应滞后如何。
id-CN102979893B    abstract-本发明提供一种能够抑制行星轮架的轴偏离且在行星齿轮的任一方确保空间的行星齿轮机构的支承结构。第一及第二行星齿轮式减速器的支承结构中，该第一及第二行星齿轮式减速器以同一轴心的方式具备太阳齿轮、内齿轮、行星轮架，且配置在壳体内，其中，行星轮架具备小齿轮轴、内侧臂部及外侧臂部。行星轮架通过将小齿轮轴的一端侧沿径向支承的轴承(33A、33B)及将小齿轮轴的另一端侧沿径向支承的轴承(19A、19B)及轴承(34A、34B)而支承于壳体。轴承(33A、33B)、轴承(19A、19B)及轴承(34A、34B)在轴心方向上配置在行星齿轮的一侧，在轴心方向且行星齿轮的另一侧不具备将行星轮架相对于壳体支承的轴承。
id-EP2753514B1    abstract-
id-US20130081892A1    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to an electric vehicle with human power input provided by a high output pedal-driven generator. The vehicle includes a computing device with a user interface that mimics an electric exercise bicycle, with both pre-set and custom exercise program profiles.
id-WO2013038329A2    abstract-A controller for a vehicle having an electric motor for driving the vehicle and a friction brake for inhibiting movement of the vehicle, the controller comprising means arranged to generate a control signal for actuating the electric motor to consume current for generating a drive torque and means for actuating the friction brake to dissipate energy resulting from the drive torque produced by the electric motor while the drive torque is being generated.
id-US20130284524A1    abstract-A power system for a vehicle or a facility utilizing an electric traction motor which is operated by a bank of batteries. The batteries are charged by a fuel operated electrical generator which is cooled by a radiator. A solar cell provides additional electrical output to the bank of batteries, while a ram air turbine may be employed for added electrical power or for regenerative braking. The traction motor operates a drive shaft through a differential gear mechanism to operate the wheels of the vehicle.
id-KR20130035795A    abstract-본 발명은 무가선 저상 트램의 배터리 충전상태 관리방법에 관한 것으로, 보다 상세하게는 무가선 저상 트램의 에너지 효율을 높일 수 있도록 하기 위하여 차량 제동시에 발생하는 회생에너지를 완전히 회수할 수 있도록 함과 동시에 회수한 회생에너지를 차량 추진 또는 SIV(Static Inverter; 보조 전원 인버터)와 같은 차량 내 보조부하의 동작을 위해 사용할 수 있도록 하는 무가선 저상 트램의 배터리 충전상태(SOC; State of Charge) 관리방법에 관한 것이다. 본 발명은 무가선 저상 트램의 배터리 충전상태 관리방법에 있어서, 배터리의 충전상태(SOC) 정도에 따라 무가선 구간과 유가선 구간을 구분하여 배터리의 충전상태를 능동적으로 관리함으로써 회생에너지를 완전히 회수할 수 있도록 제어하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-KR20130025528A    abstract-전기 자동차에서 필요한 제어 기능을 하나의 유닛으로 통합한 공간 활용도가 높은 전기 자동차용 통합 제어기 및 이를 포함하는 전기 자동차에 관한 기술이 개시된다. 이를 위해, 본 발명에 따른 전기 자동차용 통합 제어기는 전기 자동차의 구동용 모터의 동작을 제어하는 MCU부; 전기 자동차의 고전압 배터리를 이용해 AUX 배터리를 충전하는 DC/DC 컨버터를 제어하기 위한 LDC 제어부; 및 구동용 모터의 토크, 시동 시퀀스 및 회생 제동을 제어하고, 전기 자동차 전반부의 고장을 진단하는 VCU부를 포함하며, MCU부, LDC 제어부 및 VCU부는 하나의 기판 상에 구비되는 것을 특징으로 합니다.
id-WO2013041167A2    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Verringern einer mechanischen Belastung mindestens einer Komponente des Antriebsstrangs eines Kraftfahrzeugs (10), das mindestens zwei Räder aufweist, wovon mindestens eines ein Antriebsrad (12a, 12b) ist, wobei das Kraftfahrzeug (10) ein Antiblockierbremssystem (16) sowie mindestens eine elektrische Maschine (18) umfasst, die zum Antreiben genau eines Antriebsrads (12a, 12b) des Kraftfahrzeugs (10) mit diesem Antriebsrad gekoppelt ist, wobei zumindest zwei Rädern des Kraftfahrzeugs (10) jeweils eine Reibungsbremse (14a, 14b) zugeordnet ist, folgende Schritte umfassend: a) Bereitstellen des Antiblockierbremssystems (16) derart, dass es radindividuell auf die Reibungsbremsen (14a, 14b) der Räder des Kraftfahrzeugs (10) wirkt (Schritt 100); b) während einer Betätigung des Antiblockierbremssystems (16) (Schritt 110): b1) Ermitteln der mechanischen Belastung zumindest einer eine elektrische Maschine (18a, 18b) und ein zugeordnetes Antriebsrad (12a, 12b) verbindenden Gelenkwelle (20a, 20b) (Schritt 120); b2) Ansteuern der dem Antriebsrad (12a, 12b) zugeordneten elektrischen Maschine (18a, 18b) derart, dass der mechanischen Belastung entgegengewirkt wird (Schritt 140). Die Erfindung betrifft überdies ein entsprechendes Kraftfahrzeug.
id-CN103010038B    abstract-电动车包括变速器、电动机、可充电能量存储系统(RESS)、辅助动力单元(APU)和控制器。APU具有一对环，所述一对环中至少一个相对于另一个旋转。一个环与另一个同轴且径向地位于另一个中。环在绕组中旋转产生电流。齿轮元件与可旋转环驱动连接。APU包括径向地设置在内环中的发动机和联接到齿轮元件的动力输送机构。控制器对APU赋能以让环旋转。方法包括将APU定位在车身车厢中，将绕组的外环固定到车厢壁，和将具有永磁体的可旋转内环径向地定位在外环中且与外环同轴。发动机径向地定位在内环中。动力输送机构连接到内环。
id-DE102011114481B4    abstract-Verfahren zur Bestimmung von Steuerparametern (k1, k2, k3, k4) einer Reibbremssteuereinheit (20) einer Reibbremse (42) und einer Maschinensteuereinheit (22) einer als Generator betreibbaren elektrischen Maschine (44), wobei die Reibbremse (42) und die elektrische Maschine (44) ein Bremssystem bilden, wobei das Bremssystem nach einem Verfahren zur Steuerung eines Bremssystems eines Kraftfahrzeugs steuerbar ist, durch das zumindest ein Rad (40) des Fahrzeugs, das durch eine Schlupferkennungseinheit (24) hinsichtlich des Auftretens eines Schlupfs (λ) überwacht wird, mittels einer Reibbremse (42) und einer als Generator betreibbaren elektrischen Maschine (44) bremsbar ist, wobei bei Detektion eines unzulässig hohen Schlupfs (λ) des Rads (40) während eines Bremsvorgangs ein durch die Reibbremse (42) aufzubringendes Reibbremsmoment (TBRK) und ein durch die elektrische Maschine (44) aufzubringendes Rekuperationsmoment (TEM) während einer Bremsmomentreduktionsphase (B) reduziert werden, bis ein durch die Reibbremse (42) und die elektrische Maschine (44) aufzubringendes korrigiertes Gesamtbremsmoment (Twhl) erreicht ist, wobei das Rekuperationsmoment (TEM) während der Bremsmomentreduktionsphase (B) betragsmäßig zeitweise stärker reduziert wird als das Reibbremsmoment (TBRK) und/oder das Rekuperationsmoment (TEM) während der Bremsmomentreduktionsphase (B) betragsmäßig ein lokales Minimum (TEM,min) durchläuft, um ein unterschiedliches zeitliches Ansprechverhalten der Reibbremse (42) und der elektrischen Maschine (44) zu berücksichtigen, und wobei die Steuerparameter (k1, k2, k3, k4) der Reibbremssteuereinheit (20) und der Maschinensteuereinheit (22) jeweils durch einen auf einem Linear-Quadratic-Regulator basierenden Ansatz bestimmt werden, der die Minimierung eines von Zustandsgrößen (x, p) des Bremssystems und von Stellgrößen (uEM, uBRK) der jeweiligen Steuereinheit (22 bzw. 20) abhängigen Gütefunktionals (J) umfasst, wobei die Zustandsgrößen (x, p) und/oder die Stellgrößen (uEM, uBRK) unterschiedlich gewichtet werden, um verschiedene Bremscharakteristika des Bremssystems zu definieren.
id-WO2013046315A1    abstract-電力制御ユニット（２０）は、車両走行時に、モータジェネレータ（３０）を駆動制御するために、メインバッテリ（１０）およびモータジェネレータ（３０）の間で電力変換を実行する。外部充電用の充電器（２００）は、メインバッテリ（１０）および第１の電力線（１５７ｐ，１５７ｇ）の間で双方向の電力変換を実行するＤＣ／ＤＣ変換部（２１０）を有する。第１の電力線（１５７ｐ，１５７ｇ）は、電力制御ユニット（２０）内の第２の電力線（１５４ｐ，１５４ｇ）と電気的に接続される。制御装置（８０）は、車両走行時において、メインバッテリ（１０）およびモータジェネレータ（３０）の間での入出力電力に応じて、メインバッテリ（１０）の出力電圧を直流電圧変換して第１の電力線（１５７ｐ，１５７ｇ）へ出力するようにＤＣ／ＤＣ変換部（２１０）を動作させる。
id-US20130062131A1    abstract-The invention relates to a self generating power assembly for a vehicle including one or more power sources for a vehicle that increases the mileage efficiency for the vehicle.
id-CN202368390U    abstract-电动车制动能量回收器，旨在刹车过程中减小刹车片的磨损、提高制动效率，把大部分制动惯性能量回收至电池，用来增加电动车辆的行驶里程；本装置由一个或多个线圈电压为12V，有灭弧装置、有多个常闭和常开触点的继电器组成。常闭触点用来串联电池，常开触点用来并联电池。在制动过程中继电器动作将串联的电池组迅速改变成并联状态，利用电机制动反拖时产生的电流，通过整流桥对电池组进行充电。本实用新型安装方便，虽然结构简单，但是构思奇特，实用效果相当不错。适用于电动自行车，电动汽车，混合燃料车的制动能量回收。
id-DE202011110098U1    abstract-Neuordnung der vorhandenen Teile aus der Automobilindustrie Um den Betrieb des Hybridautos zu ermöglichen dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass bereits vorhandenen Teile neu geordnet zu einem geschlossenen Stromkreis, den sogenannten Tankstopp entfallen lässt, dass daraus Energien eingespart werden können.
id-GB2495089A    abstract-An electric motor controller comprises: a health indicator 18 providing an output signal to indicate operation of a power provider such as inverter 16; a failsafe 20 that receives a health indicator signal from another electric motor controller, and a controller 12 that controls operation of power provider 16 based on the indicator signal from said other electric motor controller. The controller may only activate the inverter if an indicator signal is received in response to a parameter of the signal such as its voltage level, frequency, phase amplitude and duty cycle. The health indicator signal may be a square wave and only provided if the motor controller is operating safely, which can include that controller components are operating and a signal from another component is consistent with safe vehicle operation. The health indicator signal can be based on operational parameters of the controller such as the direction of DC currents of the controller or another controller; a key switch voltage; temperature of inverter power transistors or the controller; and speed and resolver measurements. The power supply to a first electric traction motor may be controlled based on a comparison of the drive direction the motor controller with the drive direction of a second motor controller. The drive direction may be sensed by sensing the direction of the supply current to each controller.
id-DE102011113079A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Fahrzeugs (1), welches eine elektrische Maschine (2), einen elektrischen Energiespeicher (8) und eine Kupplung (4) umfasst. Die elektrische Maschine (2) erzeugt in einer ersten Betriebsart aus elektrischer Energie kinetische Energie und in einer zweiten Betriebsart aus kinetischer Energie elektrische Energie. Die Kupplung (4) dient zum wahlweisen Koppeln der elektrischen Maschine (2) mit Antriebsrädern (5, 6) des Fahrzeugs (1). Bei dem Verfahren wird die elektrische Maschine (2) von den Antriebsrädern (5, 6) entkoppelt und in der ersten Betriebsart mit elektrischer Energie von dem elektrischen Energiespeicher (8) betrieben. Dann wird die elektrische Maschine (2) in der zweiten Betriebsart mit kinetischer Energie, welche beim Betrieb der elektrischen Maschine (2) in der ersten Betriebsart erzeugt wurde, betrieben, während die elektrische Maschine (2) von den Antriebsrädern (5, 6) entkoppelt ist. Die in der zweiten Betriebsart von der elektrischen Maschine (2) erzeugte elektrische Energie wird in dem elektrischen Energiespeicher (8) gespeichert.
id-EP2766231B1    abstract-
id-EP2768071B1    abstract-
id-US20190222022A1    abstract-A multi-energy storage device system includes an electric drive coupled to a load, a DC link coupled to the electric drive, and a bi-directional voltage converter having an output channel coupled to the DC link and an input channel. A first energy storage device (ESD) is coupled to the input channel, and a switch is coupled to the DC link and to a second ESD. A system controller causes the switch to couple the second ESD to the DC link for delivering energy stored in the second ESD to the electric drive. The system controller also causes the voltage converter to convert a voltage of the first ESD to a higher voltage and to deliver the higher voltage to the DC link, wherein the higher voltage is greater than the voltage of the second ESD and causes the switch to decouple the second ESD from the DC link.
id-US9321352B2    abstract-An integrated truck and trailer power system comprises auxiliary power generation and storage devices mounted on a trailer, such as an array of solar panels mounted on the roof of the trailer and a storage battery mounted on the trailer, and switching devices for controlling flow of power there between and to an electrically powered HVAC system of the truck, whereby the truck can be maintained at a comfortable temperature by supply of power stored by the auxiliary power storage device.
id-US9145110B2    abstract-A vehicular charging system is provided that includes a battery and a charger region. The system also includes a wireless charger for generating an electric charging signal in the charger region to charge the battery, and a plurality of sensors located to sense foreign objects and living beings in proximity to the charger region. The system further includes a controller for controlling the charger to at least reduce the charging signal when a foreign object or a living being is in proximity to the charger region. The controller may be configured to terminate the charging signal and/or activate an alarm element when a foreign object or a living being is in proximity to the charger region.
id-US9673664B2    abstract-A power transmission apparatus includes a power transmission unit and a power supply unit. A wireless power reception apparatus includes a power reception unit capable of wirelessly receiving electric power from the power transmission unit, and a control unit performing control for positional alignment between the power reception unit and the power transmission unit and for reception of electric power after the positional alignment. The magnitude of electric power received by the power reception unit from the power transmission unit is used for positional alignment between the power reception unit and the power transmission unit. The control unit sets a parameter of a power transmission and reception path so that a power receivable range that can be received by the power reception unit at any time while positional alignment is done is wider than that when electric power is received after the positional alignment.
id-US8825250B2    abstract-Systems and methods are provided for detecting that an electric motor drive vehicle (e.g., an electric scooter or motorbike) is idling based on one or more of sensed parameters indicative of the idling state. These sensed parameters may include one or more of, alone or in any combination, a sensed throttle position, at least one sensed electrical characteristic of a traction electric motor, a power converter, or an electrical storage device of the vehicle, and a sensed rate of rotation of a drive shaft of the traction electric motor or of a wheel drivably coupled to the traction electric motor. Upon detecting that the vehicle is in an idling state, a controller of the vehicle enters into a standby mode. In the standby mode, a relatively small amount of electrical power is supplied to the traction electric motor to cause a vibration of the motor to alert a driver that the vehicle is ON in the standby mode and is ready to be driven. Additionally, an audible and/or visual indication may be issued in the standby mode to further alert the driver that the vehicle is ON and ready to be driven.
id-US9861018B2    abstract-A wiring protective cover structure for an electric drive vehicle is provided that can be used to cool a battery while effectively blocking noise that is generated from wiring for connecting an electric power converter and the battery disposed on a floor panel. A DC line cable  23  and a control line cable  25  that connect a battery  21  and an electric power converter  22  are disposed on a top surface of a center tunnel  37  of a vehicle  1 , and a metallic wiring protective cover  35  has a cooling passage  30  disposed therein and is disposed on a floor panel  36  so as to cover the DC line cable  23  and the control line cable  25.
id-US9676281B2    abstract-A hybrid battery system for an electric vehicle includes a lithium battery module including a plurality of lithium battery cells, a lead storage battery module including a plurality of lead storage battery cells, a first sensing unit including a sensor for measuring a temperature and a voltage of the lithium battery module, a second sensing unit including a sensor for measuring a temperature and a voltage of the lead storage battery module, a control circuit connected to the first sensing unit and the second sensing unit, the control circuit configured to measure a state of charge of each of the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module by using the temperature and the voltage measured in the first sensing unit and the second sensing unit and to generate a control signal by comparing the temperature of the lithium battery module with a reference temperature and comparing the voltage of the lead storage battery module with a reference voltage, and a charging/discharging circuit connected to the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module, the charging/discharging circuit including a switch for selectively discharging the lithium battery module or the lead storage battery module in response to the control signal.
id-US9045152B2    abstract-An electric assist cart includes: a body frame; a drive wheel; a control handle by which a user can input a driving force to the body frame; a torque sensor that detects a driving torque input to the body frame from the control handle; a controller that computes an assisting force based on the driving torque; and an electric motor that applies the assisting force to the drive wheel. The controller includes an electric current determination part that determines whether or not an electric current having a magnitude equal to or larger than a first setting value continuously flows for a first setting time, and an electric current control part that reduces a maximum value of the electric current that can be supplied to the electric motor to be smaller than the first setting value based on the determination of the electric current determination part.
id-US9174646B2    abstract-An electric vehicle motor control device controls the transmission of power from an electric motor to driving wheels via an automatic transmission. The electric vehicle motor control device includes a vehicle speed detecting device that detects a vehicle speed of the electric vehicle and a controller. The controller includes a required driving power calculating section that calculates a required driving power of the electric vehicle, and a target motor rotational speed calculating section that calculates a target motor rotational speed. The target motor rotational speed is calculated so that an efficiency of a product of a power consumption rate of the electric motor and a transmission efficiency of the automatic transmission will become a prescribed target efficiency, based on the vehicle speed and the required driving power. The controller controls the electric motor based on the target motor rotational speed.
id-US9205746B2    abstract-An electric assist cart includes: a drive wheel provided in a body frame; a control handle used by an operator to input a driving force to the body frame; a torque sensor that detects a driving torque applied to the body frame from the control handle; a controller that computes an assisting force applied to the drive wheel based on the driving torque; an electric motor that applies the assisting force to the drive wheel; a brake that brakes the drive wheel and switches from a braking state to an unbraking state when a predetermined electric current flows; and a brake release switch manipulated by an operator to allow the controller to instruct the predetermined electric current to flow to the brake, wherein the controller maintains the braking state of the brake even when the brake release switch is manipulated without turning on power, and power is then turned on.
id-US9697952B2    abstract-The non-contact electric power reception device includes an electric power reception portion and an electric load device. The electric power reception portion is configured such that best transmission efficiency at a power supply frequency of the power supply portion used for non-contact electric power transmission is achieved when the electric power reception portion is arranged with its position being displaced from a position of the electric power transmission portion. Preferably, the electric power reception portion is configured such that a peak frequency at which transmission efficiency at the time of change in power transmission frequency exhibits a peak and a power supply frequency match with each other when the electric power reception portion is arranged with positions in a horizontal direction of a central axis of the electric power reception portion and a central axis of the electric power transmission portion being displaced from each other.
id-US20140321182A1    abstract-A control apparatus for a voltage conversion apparatus includes: duty command signal generation means for generating a duty command signal corresponding to a duty ratio of switching elements carrier signal generation means for generating carrier signals corresponding to respective switching frequencies of the switching elements; switching control signal generation means for generating respective switching control signals of switching ON and OFF states of the switching elements, by comparing the duty command signal with the carrier signals; one arm driving control means for implementing one arm driving by alternatively turning on the first and second switching elements; and phase inverting means for bringing phases of portions, of the carrier signals, corresponding to switching at least right after arm switching, into a state where the phases are shifted from each other by 180 degrees between the first and second switching elements, at the time of the arm switching.
id-JP2013085456A    abstract-【課題】制動デバイスを備えた自動車用制動システムを制御する方法及び装置の提供。 【解決手段】制動システムが制動デバイス４０を備え、制動デバイス４０が油圧制動ユニット４１と回生制動ユニット４２とを備え、かつブレーキペダル１０の作動度と制動システムの特性を検出するように設計されている方法であって、制動システムの検出された特性に基づき、油圧制動ユニット４１の油圧制動力特性曲線を計算するステップと、所定の基準に基づきかつ計算された油圧制動力特性曲線に応じて特性マップから回生制動ユニット４２の発電機ベース制動力特性曲線を選択するステップと、計算された油圧制動力特性曲線と選択された発電機ベース制動力特性曲線に基づき、ブレーキペダル１０の検出された作動度に従い油圧制動ユニット４１と回生制動ユニット４２を制御するステップとを含む。 【選択図】図２
id-JP5673849B2    abstract-
id-US20150094884A1    abstract-In a regenerative braking emergency stop system, a substation includes: a rectifier transformer configured to transform AC power received from outside; a rectifier configured to convert the transformed AC power into DC power; and a switch disposed on an electrical path between the rectifier and a power-feed rail and configured to be in a closed state or an opened state; a simulated ripple transmitter configured to transmit a simulated ripple, the simulated ripple being an AC signal having a predetermined frequency; a superimposing circuit connected to the power-feed rail in parallel with the rectifier and configured to superimpose the simulated ripple transmitted from the simulated ripple transmitter on DC power outputted from the rectifier; and a relay device configured to allow the simulated ripple transmitter to transmit the simulated ripple when the rectifier is receiving power from outside and the switch is in a closed state.
id-WO2013070407A1    abstract-A power interface (14) connected to an ultra capacitor (16), a power source (18), and a load (20), with a controller (22) for managing the power interface (14), and monitoring the ultra capacitor (16), power source (18), and demands of the load (20) attached thereto. The power interface (12) selectively switches the circuit between the ultra capacitor (16) and the power source (18), and between the load (20) in response to the level of demand of the load (20) attached thereto such that the ultra capacitor (16) powers peak demand and the power source (18) powers steady demand.
id-KR20130037184A    abstract-본 발명은 유도 모터에 의해 구동되는 트랙 연계형 차량을 제동하기 위한 제동방법 및 제동장치에 관한 것으로서, 상기 제동장치 또는 제동시스템은 전력공급 라인(10, 100)에 의해 전력이 공급되는 트랙 연계형 차량용으로서, 전기 역학적 제동 시스템을 상기 전력공급 라인(10, 100)으로 접속하기 위한 집전장치(11); 제통 초퍼부(28)가 설치되고, 집전장치(11)를 통해 전력공급 라인(10, 100)에 의해 전력을 공급받는 DC 링크(18); DC단자(19)로부터 AC단자(21)로 전력을 전달하는 정류기 모드와, AC단자로(21)로부터 DC단자(19)로 전력을 전달하는 인버터 모드에서 동작가능하고, 인버터 모드에서 동작할 때 인버터 방향에서 전류가 DC링크(18)로부터 DC단자(19)로 흐르는 정지형 변환기(20); 유도 모터로서 교류기 모드에서 동작가능하고, 휠 축(23)에 기계적으로 링크 가능한 동시에 정지형 변환기(20)의 AC단자와 전기적으로 접속된 유도 머신(22); 정지형 변환기(20)가 정류기 모드에서 동작하고, 유도 머신(22)이 교류기 모드에서 동작하여 비상 제동 신호에 따라서 DC링크(18)로 전력을 피드백하도록 정지형 변환기(20)를 제어하는 정지형 변환기 제어부(36); 정지형 변환기의 AC단자들 사이에서 흐르는 전류를 감소시키고, 비상 제동 중에 감시 상태를 검출하면 유도 머신(22)을 탈자화시키기 위해 정지형 변환기(20)를 차단하기 위한 전기역학적 제동 통제부(36)를 포함한다.
id-WO2013061414A1    abstract-車両（１００）は、走行駆動力を発生するモータジェネレータ（１３０）と、ＥＣＵ（３００）とを備える。ＥＣＵ（３００）は、ユーザからの要求パワーの変化が所定範囲内の場合に、モータジェネレータ（１３０）について、駆動力を発生させる第１の状態（加速走行）と、第１の状態よりも小さい駆動力とした第２の状態（慣性走行）とを切換えながら車両（１００）を走行させる駆動力変更運転を実行する。そして、ＥＣＵ（３００）は、ユーザ要求パワーの大きさに応じて、駆動力変更運転における第２の状態の時間を可変に設定する。これによって、車両（１００）のエネルギ効率を向上させる。
id-CN103889771A    abstract-一种车辆(100)，具备：驱动源(130)，其产生车辆(100)的行驶驱动力；和控制装置(300)，其用于控制驱动源(130)。控制装置(300)执行一边在第1状态与第2状态之间对驱动源(130)进行切换一边使车辆(100)行驶的驱动力变更运转，该第1状态是产生驱动力的状态，该第2状态是使驱动源的驱动力成为比第1状态低的等级的状态。控制装置(300)在来自用户的要求驱动力的变化处于预定范围内的稳定行驶时执行驱动力变更运转，并且，在要求驱动力的变化增加或减少至预定范围之外的加速要求时或减速要求时也执行驱动力变更运转。
id-JP5790397B2    abstract-
id-KR20130041478A    abstract-운전자의 제동요구량을 수신하는 제동접수단계; 상기 제동요구량에 따라 목표감속도를 결정하는 감속도결정단계; 차량의 실제중량을 구동토크와 차량의 속도 또는 가속도를 이용하여 계산하는 중량결정단계; 상기 목표감속도와 실제중량을 통해 목표제동력을 결정하는 목표제동력결정단계; 상기 제동요구량에 따라 기계식 제동장치의 기계식제동력을 결정하고, 목표제동력에서 기계식제동력을 제외함으로써 구동모터를 통한 회생제동력을 결정하는 회생제동력결정단계; 및 상기 회생제동력에 따라 구동모터에 회생토크량을 전달하는 모터제어단계;를 포함하는 기계식 제동장치를 이용한 차량의 회생제동 제어방법 및 장치가 소개된다.
id-DE102011117309A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine elektrische Radantriebsanordnung, sowie einen Nachrüstsatz zur Bereitstellung einer elektrische Radantriebsanordnung für ein Fahrzeug, umfassend ein Rad (12) mit einer zentralen Radnabe (14), einem sich in Radialrichtung an die Radnabe (14) anschließenden Radkranz (16), und einer ringförmig geschlossen an einem Außenumfang des Radkranzes (16) verlaufenden Felge (18), und eine dem Rad (12) zugeordnete elektrische Antriebsmaschine 40. Erfindungsgemäß ist vorgesehen, dass die elektrische Antriebsmaschine 40 als ein innerhalb des axialen Erstreckungsbereiches des Rades (12) angeordneter Außenläufermotor ausgebildet ist, dass ein Rotor 42 der Antriebsmaschine (40) durch die Felge (18) oder eine an einer Innenumfangsfläche der Felge (18) befestigte Rotormagnetanordnung (46) ausgebildet ist, und dass ein Stator (50) der Antriebsmaschine (40) als eine ringförmige Statorbaueinheit (52, 54) enthaltend eine Statormagnetanordnung (54) ausgebildet ist, wobei eine Innenumfangsfläche der Statorbaueinheit (52, 54) an einer axialen Schulter (56) des Radkranzes (16) radial abgestützt und drehgelagert ist, wobei die Statorbaueinheit (52, 54) jedoch mittels einer Halteeinrichtung (60, 62, 34) drehstationär gehalten wird.
id-US20130157157A1    abstract-A method for operating a fuel cell system includes electrically coupling a fuel cell stack to an energy storage device and an electrical demand by a load device. A controller is coupled to the fuel cell stack, the energy storage device, and the load device via a communications connection. The controller obtains information relative to an operation of at least one of the fuel cell stack and the energy storage device and the controller controls an operation of the load device based on the information.
id-WO2013054034A3    abstract-Un procédé d'adaptation de freinage pour un véhicule équipé d'un moyen de freinage régénératif et d'un moyen de freinage complémentaire ayant des temps de réponse différents, comprenant la génération d'une consigne de freinage adaptée formula (A) auxdits moyens de freinage, par filtrage temporel d'une consigne de freinage (C e ) destinée à l'un desdits moyens de freinage.
id-JPWO2013054413A1    abstract-パワー半導体モジュールは、リードフレーム３１５に実装された電力変換用のＩＧＢＴ２１Ａと、ＩＧＢＴ２１Ａを駆動するための制御信号を生成するドライバＩＣ２５と、ドライバＩＣ２５が実装され、制御信号を出力するための端子１０２が形成された回路基板１と、離間して配置されたＩＧＢＴ２１Ａと回路基板１との間に設けられ、ＩＧＢＴ２１Ａに形成された端子２１１と端子１０２とを接続する中継基板４と、を備える。
id-KR20130048168A    abstract-전기 에너지 재생 회로, 및 전기 에너지 재생 회로를 구비한 전기 장치가 개시된다. 본 발명은, 인가 전원에 의해 충전되는 제1 충전부가 구비된 제1 회로부, 제2 충전부가 구비되며, 제1 회로부와 병렬 설치되는 제2 회로부, 및 제1 충전부가 충전된 경우에 인가 전원과 제1 회로부와의 연결을 개방하는 제1 스위칭부, 및 제1 충전부가 충전된 경우에 제1 충전부의 충전 전력이 제2 회로부에 공급되어, 제2 충전부가 충전되도록 제1 충전부를 제2 충전부와 연결하는 제2 스위칭부를 구비한다. 본 발명에 따르면, 회로에서 부하를 동작시킨 이후에 전원의 음 단자로 흘러 소실되는 에너지를 회생시킬 수 있게 된다.
id-US20180029482A1    abstract-An electric power transmission device includes an electric power transmission portion, a first communication portion, and a first control device controlling the electric power transmission portion and the first communication portion. A vehicle includes an electric power reception portion, a second communication portion, and a second control device controlling the electric power reception portion and the second communication portion. The first control device and the second control device determine whether or not to cause the electric power transmission portion to transmit electric power based on an instruction from a user which is provided after the user is notified of a status of electric power reception in the electric power reception portion or an estimated status of electric power reception in the electric power reception portion.
id-EP2773526B1    abstract-
id-US20180257493A1    abstract-An electric power reception device for a vehicle is equipped with an electric power reception unit that is configured to be able to receive electric power from an electric power transmission device in a non-contact manner, a communication portion that transmits information on a position or dimension of the electric power reception unit to the electric power transmission device, and a vehicle ECU that controls the communication portion. Preferably, the vehicle ECU transmits pre-stored information to the electric power transmission device with the aid of the communication portion, before allowing a vehicle to be parked at an electric power reception position of the electric power transmission device. The information includes at least one of a size of the electric power reception unit, a size of the vehicle in which the electric power reception unit is mounted, and a mounting position of the electric power reception unit in the vehicle.
id-CN103906651A    abstract-车辆(100)具备蓄电装置(110)、使用来自蓄电装置(110)的电力产生行驶驱动力的电动发电机(130)、ECU(300)、和用于检测路面的斜度的斜度检测部(200)。ECU(300)使电动发电机(130)执行一边在产生第1等级的驱动力的第1状态和产生比第1状态小的驱动力的第2状态之间切换一边使车辆(100)行驶的驱动力变更运转。而且，ECU(300)在基于由斜度检测部(200)检测出的斜度识别为车辆(100)行驶在有坡度的路面的情况下，缓和蓄电装置(110)的SOC的上限值和下限值的至少一方。由此，能够使车辆(100)的能效提高，并且使有坡度的路面上的驾驶性能提高。
id-US9290107B2    abstract-A vehicular energy management system (EMS) determines a net total power from a traction drive load, an auxiliary device load, and a regenerative power. If the net total power is a net supply power, the EMS causes regenerative power to be provided to a power source and energy source in a controlled manner to initially charge the power source to a desired state-of-charge (SOC) and then subsequently charge the energy source. If the net total power comprises a net power load, the EMS causes power to be drawn from the power source and the energy source, with a split of the power being drawn from the power source and the energy source being based on a magnitude of the net power load. The EMS adjusts/maintains the SOC set-point of the power source and the DC link voltage based on vehicle speed and relative altitude of travel of the vehicle.
id-US8627914B2    abstract-Vehicles of embodiments of the invention are propelled by an electric motor (DC or AC motor) coupled to one of the vehicle's axles. The electric motor is powered by two or more electrical storage devices (e.g., batteries or battery banks or capacitors). The electrical storage devices are charged by alternators driven by a rotating flywheel. The flywheel is selectively coupled to a different one of the vehicle axles, such that movement of the vehicle (caused by the electric motor) causes the rotation of the flywheel.
id-CN103124090B    abstract-本发明防止充电器对蓄电装置的充电状态做出误判断，从而对电池进行适当的充电。充电器和电动车辆通过充电电缆而连接。充电器基于充电器侧的供应电流Is和充电电缆的电阻计算充电电缆的电压下降量ΔVa。并且，充电器比较判定电压Xb和充电器侧的供应电压Vs，并当供应电压Vs达到判定电压Xb时，判定为电池已被充电至满充电状态。在该满充电判定中所使用的判定电压Xb通过在预设的基础判定电压Xa上加上电压下降量ΔVa而被更新。据此，由于考虑充电电缆的电压下降量ΔVa，从而即使在使用充电器侧的供应电压Vs，也能够精确地判定搭载于电动车辆的电池的充电状态，能够适当地对电池充电。
id-US9622384B2    abstract-A combined battery charger and motor driver circuit assembly includes a plurality of power transistors arranged as a planar array, a cold plate configured to couple heat from each of the transistors in the array, a conductive power coupling fitting (also termed a bus bar), at least one capacitor, and a ferrite bead filter surrounding a necked section of the bus bar. The bus bar has a plurality of individually electrically conductive layers, each two of the layers being separated by an insulating layer, each conductive layer providing a plurality of contacts, the contacts in a layer configured to provide electrical contact, in the alternative, for power transistor collectors or power transistor emitters. The laminated bus bar is extended to form a fishtail shape along a specified section distal to the power transistors. The fish tail section terminates in two electrical contacts configured to provide electrical contact via discrete conductors to respective positive and negative battery terminals. A top surface of the capacitor is conductive at least in part. The capacitor makes electrical and thermal contact with a conductor of the laminated bus bar distal to the transistor array. A bottom surface of the capacitor is also conductive at least in part and is in electrical contact with a conductor of the laminated bus bar proximal to the transistor array.
id-EP2783906B1    abstract-
id-CN103124092B    abstract-本发明能够防止继电器的熔接故障和熔断故障。电动车辆搭载有电池的同时设有充电用的受电端子。并且，在电池与受电端子之间设有变流器，变流器与受电端子之间设有继电器。并且，充电器设有输出充电电力的电力变换单元，且设有连接于电力变换单元的供电端子。充电时若发生来自电力变换单元的充电电力无法断开的故障状态，则通过启动变流器，以对电池的蓄电电力升压之后供应给继电器。据此，能够降低流过继电器的电流，在不发生熔接故障和熔断故障的情况下切断继电器。
id-US9676276B2    abstract-An electric vehicle that is serving as a mobile power supply device is provided with: a power-supplying coil that is covered by a weatherproof cover and that, together with an external power-receiving coil, forms an electromagnetic coupling circuit; and a power supplying circuit that supplies power stored in a storage cell wirelessly to the outside via the electromagnetic coupling circuit that is formed by the power-supplying coil and the external power-receiving coil.
id-US9090232B2    abstract-An ECU calculates the thermal margins of the in-wheel motors, on the basis of the thermal capacities of the in-wheel motors, the allowable limit temperatures, and the motor temperatures. Next, the ECU distributes the total requested torque between the requested torques for each wheel using the percentages of the thermal margins. The ECU controls the operation of an inverter such that the in-wheel motors generate the requested torques for the wheels. Thus, the four in-wheel motors generate uniform amounts of heat.
id-US8941275B2    abstract-A rotational axis of a first motor  102 A and a rotational axis of a second motor  102 B are disposed on the same straight line. A connector  72  of the first motor  102 A and a connector  72 B of the second motor  102 B are disposed substantially in mirror symmetric positions, and a lead conductor  92   u,    92   v,    92   w  of the first motor  102 A and a lead conductor  92   u,    92   v,    92   w  of the second motor  102 B are disposed in non-mirror symmetric positions, and a size of a relay conductor  93   u,    93   v,    93   w  of the first motor  102 A and a size of a relay conductor  93   u,    93   v,    93   w  of the second motor  102 B differ from each other.
id-US8917000B2    abstract-An arrangement structure includes: a motor including: a motor main body including a stator and a rotor, the rotor being disposed to be rotatable relative to the stator; a case member configured to store the motor main body; and a connecting conductor configured to electrically connect an inside conductor disposed inside the case member and an outside conductor disposed outside the case member; and a support device fixed to the case member and a frame member of a vehicle, the support device being configured to support the motor on the frame member, wherein the connecting conductor is arranged directly below a fixing portion where the support device is fixed to the case member.
id-US9168915B2    abstract-A vehicle includes: a motor generator for generating driving power for traveling thereof; an ECU for controlling the motor generator; and an inclination detecting unit for detecting inclination of a road surface. The ECU performs power changing driving in which the vehicle is traveled while switching the motor generator between a first state (high output state) and a second state (low output state). In the first state (high output state), driving power of a first level is generated. In the second state (low output state), the driving power is made smaller than that in the first state. When it is recognized that the vehicle is traveling on an uphill road based on the inclination detected by the inclination detecting unit, ECU sets the driving power in the first state to be larger than that set when the vehicle is traveling on a flat road.
id-US9126501B2    abstract-An electric vehicle includes a regenerative brake and a mechanical brake. The vehicle also includes a wheel bearing unit and a load sensor associated with the wheel bearing unit. The load sensor is configured to detect a load that acts between a road surface and a tire along a direction in which the vehicle travels. The vehicle also includes a load-responsive regenerative brake limiter configured to reduce a braking torque generated by the regenerative brake when an output of the load sensor reaches a preset value. A maximally actuator may be configured to calculate a maximum possible regenerative braking torque for the regenerative brake based on a rotational frequency of a wheel and a state of charge of a battery unit and to actuate the regenerative brake at a maximum torque within that commanded range.
id-CN103959596A    abstract-住宅侧ECU执行包括如下步骤的程序：在处于预约时刻的设定时(在S100中为是)，在由使用者输入了外部充电的结束时刻的情况下(在S102中为是)，将结束时刻发送给车辆的步骤(S104)，和在从车辆侧ECU接收到充电所需时间的情况下(在S106中为是)，决定开始时刻的步骤(S108)；车辆侧ECU执行包括如下步骤的程序：在处于预约时刻的设定时(在S200中为是)，在从住宅侧ECU接收到结束时刻的情况下(在S202中为是)，算出充电所需时间的步骤(S204)，和发送充电所需时间的步骤(S206)。
id-JP2013132197A    abstract-【課題】モータの大型化を防ぐことができる電力変換装置及び充電システムを提供する。 【解決手段】外部電源から供給される直流電力を変換してバッテリ１に供給する電力変換装置において、多重巻線を有するモータ５と、多重巻線のうち一方の巻線５１に接続され、モータの一方の巻線５１から出力される交流電力を直流電力に変換しバッテリに供給する第１インバータと、多重巻線のうち他方の巻線５２に接続され、外部電源から供給される直流電力を交流電力に変換してモータ５の他方の巻線５２に供給する第２インバータとを備える。 【選択図】  図１
id-JP2013101844A    abstract-【課題】燃料電池システムにおいて、燃料電池の触媒の劣化を抑制できる技術を提供する。 【解決手段】燃料電池システム１００は、電力の供給源である燃料電池１０と、燃料電池１０とともに電力の供給源として機能する二次電池８１とを備える。燃料電池システム１００の制御部２０は、燃料電池１０の運転温度が所定の温度より高い高温状態を検出した後に、燃料電池１０の電圧を、一時的に低下させて、燃料電池１０における生成水を増大させる一時的電圧低下処理を実行する。制御部２０は、一時的電圧低下処理の実行の際に、二次電池８１の充電状態と、燃料電池１０の運転状態とに基づき、一時的電圧低下処理の処理内容を変更する。 【選択図】図２
id-JPWO2013076836A1    abstract-モータによる回生制動が可能な車両において、ＥＣＵ（２００）は、回生電力がバッテリと電気加熱式触媒装置（ＥＨＣ）との双方に供給されている場合、仮にＥＨＣオフとした時（ＥＨＣへの電力供給を停止した時）にバッテリが過充電となると予測される場合、ＥＨＣオフとすることを一時的に遅延させる（２５０）。ＥＣＵ（２００）は、ＥＨＣオフ遅延中、ＥＨＣオフとすべき条件が成立したか否かを判定（２６０）し、ＥＨＣオフとすべき条件が成立すると、回生電力がバッテリ受入可能電力未満となるように回生ブレーキトルクを低下させるとともに、回生ブレーキトルクの低下に応じて油圧ブレーキトルクを増加させ（２７０）、その後にＥＨＣオフ遅延を解除する（２８０）。
id-US9520741B2    abstract-A system for charging an electrical storage device includes a motor drive, a DC link electrically coupled to the motor drive, and a first leg coupled to the DC link that includes a first power switch coupled in series with a second power switch via a first node. A first inductor is coupled to the first node, and a first energy storage device (ESD) is electrically coupled to the first inductor. A second leg is coupled to the DC link that includes a third power switch coupled in series with a fourth power switch via a second node. A charging circuit includes a transformer coupled to the first and second nodes. A second ESD is coupled to receive charging energy from the transformer, and a controller is configured to cause a first voltage mismatch between the first and second nodes to generate the charging energy.
id-JP5275529B1    abstract-減速エネルギの回生による効果を、電動車両の乗員に実感させ易くすることが可能な電動車両の表示装置を提供する。電動車両（１０）の表示装置（２２）は、電動車両（１０）の実走行距離の積算値を第１の距離として算出し、減速エネルギの回生が行われていることを検出し、前記減速エネルギの回生により延長された走行可能距離の積算値を第２の距離として算出し、前記第１の距離と前記第２の距離を同一の表示部（６４）を用いて表示する。
id-JP2014534120A    abstract-本発明は、２つのブレーキ回路（１０）を備える回生式ブレーキシステムの発電機の発電機ブレーキトルクをブレンドする方法に関するものであり、次の各ステップを有しており、すなわち、ブレーキシステムの少なくとも２つのブレーキ回路のうちの１つのブレーキ回路（１０）をブレンドモードへと制御し、このときブレーキシステムのマスタブレーキシリンダ（１８）と、ブレンドモードへと制御されたブレーキ回路（１０）の備蓄容積部（４８ａ）との間の液圧接続が少なくとも一時的に解放され、それにより、マスタブレーキシリンダ（１８）からブレンドモードへと制御されたブレーキ回路（１０）の備蓄容積部（４８ａ）へブレーキ液が移送され、少なくとも２つのブレーキ回路のうちの別のブレーキ回路を非ブレンドモードへと制御し、このときマスタブレーキシリンダ（１８）と、非ブレンドモードへと制御されたブレーキ回路（１２）の備蓄容積部との間の液圧接続は非ブレンドモード中に遮断される。本発明は、２つのブレーキ回路（１０，１２）を備える回生式ブレーキシステムのための制御装置（１００）も同じく対象としている。【選択図】図１ｃ
id-JPWO2013080334A1    abstract-直流電力を蓄える第１バッテリ（１１１）と、直流電力を交流電力に変換するＤＣ−ＡＣ変換部（１２１ａ）と、無線送電する送電アンテナ（１２２ａ）を有する送電手段と、送電アンテナから送信された交流電力を無線受電する受電アンテナ（１２３ａ）と、交流電力を直流電力へ変換するＡＣ−ＤＣ変換部（２０１ａ）を有する受電手段と、車輪のハブに装着され、車輪を駆動するモータ（Ｍ）と、受電手段による受電した直流電力を蓄える第２バッテリ（２１２ａ）と、第２バッテリの直流電力を交流電力に変換するインバータ（２０３ａ）と、モータの回転駆動を制御するトルク制御部（２２２）と、送電手段より前記受電手段への無線給電を制御する残量制御部（２２１）と、を備え送電アンテナの送電面と、受電アンテナの受電面とが、地面に対し水平に対向して配置されている。
id-DE202011108033U1    abstract-Vorrichtung (1, 101, 201, 301) in einem industriellen Prozess mit zumindest einer Wirkkette (4, 104, 204, 304) bestehend aus einer Primärenergiequelle (9, 109, 209, 309) elektrischer Energie, zumindest einer in einem Motor- und/oder einem Generatorbetrieb betreibbaren Elektromaschine (6, 6a, 6b, 6c, 6d, 106), wobei zur Zwischenspeicherung einer anfallenden Bewegungsenergie zumindest ein Energierückgewinnungssystem (12, 12a, 12b, 12c, 12d, 112a, 112b, 112c, 112d, 212a, 212b, 212c, 212d, 312a, 312b, 312c, 312d) vorgesehen ist, welches Bewegungsenergie in elektrische Energie umwandelt, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass das zumindest eine Energierückgewinnungssystem (12, 12a, 12b, 12c, 12d, 112a, 112b, 112c, 112d, 212a, 212b, 212c, 212d, 312a, 312b, 312c, 312d) aus einer nach dem Reluktanzprinzip gesteuerten Elektromaschine mit einem als Schwungmassenkörper (23) ausgebildeten Rotor (20) und einem fest mit einem Gehäuse (18) verbundenen Stator (24) gebildet ist.
id-WO2013072609A1    abstract-L'invention un véhicule électrique de compétition ou un ensemble motopropulseur à propulsion mono-énergie, comprenant une transmission par une chaîne cinématique mécanique sans glissement et permanente en amont et en aval d'une boîte de vitesses à rapports non synchronisés sans embrayage ni coupleur. Des moyens électroniques de commande commandent sélectivement ledit moteur : en couple pendant la propulsion sans changement de rapport, et en régime lors d'une phase de changement de rapport entre deux rapports. Selon un autre aspect, l'invention propose aussi un procédé de gestion de cette propulsion, qui comprend une commande des changements de rapports en montée et en descente comprenant : désengagement d'un premier rapport, incluant un contrôle du moteur pour annuler le couple transmis, calcul d'un régime de consigne compatible avec un deuxième rapport, contrôle du moteur en régime pour l'amener audit régime de consigne, engagement dudit deuxième rapport, et retour à une commande en couple. L'invention concerne en outre un tel système et procédé dans lequel la réduction de régime est réalisée par commande de moyens de récupération d'énergie électrique à leur capacité maximale; et/ou la commande des passages de rapport est réalisée par des actionneurs pneumatiques agissant respectivement en montée, en descente, et en blocage au point neutre dans un sens.
id-JP5739548B2    abstract-
id-WO2013077346A1    abstract-実際に選択されたシフトレンジと表示されたシフトレンジとが異なる場合に、安全性を向上することができる車両の駆動力制御装置を提供すること。 本発明の車両の駆動力制御装置は、駆動輪（６Ｌ,６Ｒ）に対してトルク伝達が可能である駆動源（１）と、シフトレンジを選択するレンジ選択手段（８）と、レンジ選択手段（８）により選択されたシフトレンジを表示するレンジ表示手段（９）と、選択されたシフトレンジと表示されたシフトレンジとが、一致しているか否かを判断するレンジ表示判断手段（ステップＳ３）と、駆動力制御手段（ステップＳ４）と、を備える。 そして、この駆動力制御手段（ステップＳ４）は、選択されたシフトレンジと、表示されたシフトレンジとが一致していないと判断されたとき、駆動源（１）から駆動輪（６Ｌ,６Ｒ）へのトルク伝達を禁止する。
id-DE102012220795B4    abstract-Leistungswandler (18) zur Verwendung in einem Fahrzeug (10), das eine Brennstoffzelle (16) und einen Elektromotor (14) enthält, wobei der Leistungswandler (18) umfasst: Eingangsleitungen, die eine positive Eingangsleitung (62) und eine negative Eingangsleitung (64) umfassen; einen Eingangskondensator (C 1 ), der zwischen die Eingangsleitungen (62, 64) geschaltet ist; einen Schalter (S 1 ), der zwischen die Eingangsleitungen (62, 64) geschaltet ist und einen Steuerungskontakt sowie einen ersten und einen zweiten Kontakt enthält, der mit der positiven Eingangsleitung (62) verbunden ist, einen Schaltercontroller (70), der mit dem Steuerungskontakt gekoppelt ist und positive (72) und negative (74) Eingangsverbindungen enthält; und eine Schnittstelle (66) zur Versorgung einer Schützdiagnose, die zwischen die positive Eingangsverbindung (72) und den zweiten Kontakt geschaltet ist, wobei bei geöffnetem Schalter (S 1 ) ein Strom durch die Schnittstelle (66) zur Versorgung einer Schützdiagnose fließt und ein Aufladen des Kondensators (C 1 ) bewirkt.
id-US20130127243A1    abstract-A power converter includes positive and negative input lines and an input capacitor coupled across the input lines. The power converter also includes a switch coupled across the input lines that includes a control contact and an additional contact. The power converter also includes switch controller coupled to the control contact and that includes positive and negative input connections. The power converter also includes a contactor diagnostic supply interface coupled between the positive input connection and the additional contact.
id-JP6261509B2    abstract-
id-KR20130057379A    abstract-전동차에 있어서 제동의 구조를 보면 바퀴축에 축설된 디스크에 공기압으로 제동을 하는 구조와 제동시 전동기가 발전기로 전환되어 발전 제동을 하여 발전된 전기를 바로 근거리에서 달리는 전동차에 공급하므로 소멸되는 에너지를 회수하는 회생 제동의 구조를 구현하여 에너지를 절약 하는 방안이 현실화 되어 있다.      본 발명의 전동차의 회생제동을 돕는 구조는 전동차를 제동할 때 사라지는 동력을 저장 할수있는 기계적 메커니즘에 관한 것이다.      전동차가 역사에 진입하기 전에 발전제동을 하게 되면 근 거리에 전력을 소모하는 전동차가 없을때 역사에 구비된 전동기에 의해 복합판스프링에 동력을 저장하고 전동차가 출발할 때 상기 동력이 저장된 복합판스프링의 풀리는 동력으로 발전을 하여 자차의 전동기에 전력을 공급하므로 에너지의 회생 율을 증대한다.           열차, 전동차, 시내버스, 복합판스프링, 회생제동
id-FR2982540A1    abstract-Procédé de commande et/ou de régulation en fonction d'au moins une consigne déterminant la demande de freinage respective d'une installation de freins (38, 40, 42, 44) du véhicule (12). Cette consigne concerne un paramètre de mouvement, une force, un couple (s , V , a , M, F ). Le véhicule (12) a une machine électrique (16) reliée à un accumulateur (36) pour servir d'installation de freins dynamique (38) et une autre installation de freins (40, 42, 44). On limite la consigne d'au moins un paramètre de mouvement et/ou la force et/ou le couple (s , v , a , M, F ) par une plage de tolérance (Deltas , Deltav , Deltaa , DeltaF , DeltaM). La commande et/ou la régulation se fait dans la plage de tolérance (Deltas , Deltav , Deltaa , DeltaF , DeltaM) en fonction de la puissance de récupération (P ) maximale possible de la machine électrique (16).
id-JPWO2013080335A1    abstract-第１バッテリ（１１１）と、直流を交流に変換するＤＣ−ＡＣ変換部（１２１ａ）と、送電アンテナ（１２２ａ）を有する送電手段と、送電アンテナから送信された交流電力を受電する受電アンテナ（１２３ａ）と、交流を直流へ変換するＡＣ−ＤＣ変換部（２０１ａ）を有する受電手段と、ハブに装着され、車輪を駆動するモータ（Ｍ）と、受電手段で受電した直流電力を蓄える第２バッテリ（２１２ａ）と、第２バッテリの直流電力を交流電力に変換するインバータ（２０３ａ）と、モータを回転制御するトルク制御部（２２２）と、送電手段より受電手段への給電を制御する残量制御部（２２１）と、ステアリング角度検出手段と、ステアリング角度に基づいて、送電アンテナの送電面と受電アンテナの受電面の相対角度を算出する相対角度算出手段と、を備え、残量制御部は、相対角度が所定角度未満の場合に送電手段より受電手段への無線給電を行うように制御する。
id-KR101352954B1    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 제동 제어 방법에 관한 것으로, 유압 제동과 회생 제동을 함께 사용하는 차량에서, 회생 제동과 유압 제동이 상호 협조할 때 유압 제동의 크기를 정확하게 구현함으로써 회생 제동력과 유압 제동력의 합으로 표현되는 최종 차량 제동력(감속도)이 균일해지도록 하는데 그 목적이 있다. 이와 같은 목적의 본 발명에 따른 차량의 제동 제어 방법은, 회생 제동 실시량을 결정하고; 제동 패드의 마찰 계수의 변화량을 고려하여 유압 제동 실시량을 결정하며; 결정된 회생 제동 실시량과 결정된 유압 제동 실시량으로 차량 제동을 실시한다.
id-KR20130051037A    abstract-본 발명은 연료전지 자동차의 제동압력 생성장치에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는 수소연료탱크에 저장되어 있는 수소의 고압을 이용하여 브레이크 유압을 제어할 수 있는 연료전지 자동차의 제동압력 생성장치에 관한 것이다. 이를 위하여 본 발명은, 휠 실린더에 브레이크 유압을 공급하여 차륜을 제동할 수 있는 유압식 제동부와, 수소압력을 유압으로 변환시켜 생성한 유압을 이용하여 상기 브레이크 유압을 제어할 수 있는 유압변환 제어부로 구성되며, 상기 유압변환 제어부는, 오일리저버의 오일이 유입되는 유압 챔버와, 공급된 수소압력으로 상기 유압 챔버에 수용된 오일을 가압하여 유압을 형성하는 실린더부로 이루어진 유압생성 피스톤; 상기 유압생성 피스톤의 실린더부에 공급되는 수소압 및 상기 실린더부에서 배출되는 수소압의 유동을 제어하는 수소압 조절밸브; 상기 유압생성 피스톤의 유압 챔버에 공급되는 유압 및 상기 유압 챔버에서 배출되는 유압의 유동을 제어하는 유압 조절밸브;를 포함하여 구성된 것을 특징으로 하는 연료전지 자동차의 제동압력 생성장치를 제공한다.
id-EP2591960A1    abstract-L'objet de l'invention est un procédé d'assistance électrique au freinage d'un véhicule à motorisation (M), ladite motorisation (M) comprenant un moteur électrique (10) couplé à un arbre principal (20) entraînant une roue (22) du véhicule, une roue (22) dudit véhicule étant équipée d'un dispositif de freinage (48) mécanique actionné par un circuit hydraulique (47), ledit procédé consistant à capter une information dans le circuit hydraulique (47) et à utiliser ladite information comme consigne d'un couple de freinage généré par le moteur électrique (10) et exercé sur l'arbre principal (20), l'information captée dans le circuit hydraulique (47) de freinage étant une mesure de pression (P) du fluide, ladite mesure de pression (P) étant effectuée par un capteur (60) disposé en sortie du dispositif de mise en pression (56) du circuit hydraulique (47), la mesure de pression (P) étant transmise aux moyens de commande (34) du moteur électrique (10) sous la forme d'un signal électrique de tension électrique (T), et ledit signal étant exploité par lesdits moyens de commande (34) pour le calcul d'une consigne (C) de couple de freinage appliquée au moteur électrique, le procédé étant caractérisé en ce que ladite consigne (C) de couple de freinage électrique est proportionnelle à la tension (T) issue du capteur de pression (60), et en ce que le facteur de proportionnalité (K) entre la tension de sortie (T) du capteur (60) et la consigne (C) est paramétré dans les moyens de commande (34).
