id-US9527402B2    abstract-A 12 volt automotive battery system includes a first battery coupled to an electrical system, in which the first battery include a first battery chemistry, and a second battery coupled in parallel with the first battery and selectively coupled to the electrical system via a first switch, in which the second battery includes a second battery chemistry that has a higher coulombic efficiency than the first battery chemistry. The first switch couples the second battery to the electrical system during regenerative braking to enable the second battery to capture a majority of the power generated during regenerative braking. The 12 volt automotive battery system further includes a variable voltage alternator that outputs a first voltage during regenerative braking to charge the second battery and a second voltage otherwise, in which the first voltage is higher than the second voltage.
id-US9352744B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a powertrain having an electric machine configured to selectively apply regenerative torque to cause deceleration in response to braking demand; the powertrain further including a torque converter configured to decouple the electric machine from wheels of the vehicle. The vehicle is also provided with a controller programmed to, during a regenerative braking event, receive a signal defining a regenerative torque limit, and in response to a fault condition associated with the regenerative torque limit, generate a replacement regenerative torque limit based upon a torque converter open speed to decrease roughness during transitions into and out of regenerative braking.
id-US10343527B2    abstract-Between an anode active material layer and a separator, a recess impregnation region of an anode side in which electrolytes and solid particles are disposed and including a recess that is located between adjacent anode active material particles positioned on the outermost surface of the anode active material layer is formed. Between a cathode active material layer and a separator, a recess impregnation region of a cathode side in which electrolytes and solid particles are disposed and including a recess that is located between adjacent cathode active material particles positioned on the outermost surface of the cathode active material layer is formed. The solid particles in the recess impregnation regions of the cathode side and the anode side have a concentration that is 30 volume % or more.
id-CN104779662B    abstract-提供一种充电平衡系统和方法。一种电力系统可执行车辆的充电平衡。所述电力系统可包括电池，电池包括多个模块，每个模块包括电池单元和相关电阻式电路。所述系统还可包括至少一个控制器，该至少一个控制器被配置为响应于电池单元达到阈值电压和/或SOC，激活电池单元的相关电阻式电路，并减小施加到电池的充电电流，以防止电池单元获得额外充电。
id-US9857255B2    abstract-A trailer for a vehicle with a high voltage traction-battery. The trailer may be a self-propelled trailer to substantially match vehicle dynamics and minimize impact on the vehicle. Alternatively, the trailer may push the vehicle to simulate hill descent, or drag on the vehicle to simulate hill ascent. The trailer may provide power for the vehicle. The trailer may provide current to a vehicle electric machine. The trailer may also provide current to recharge a vehicle traction-battery. The trailer may also recharge its own traction-battery.
id-US10065506B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a friction brake, a regenerative brake, and an ECU. The ECU is configured to: (a) control a total braking force that is generated in the vehicle; (b) execute first brake control for controlling a braking force of the vehicle on the basis of the brake operation amount; (c) determine based on the brake operation amount whether the driver's brake operation is being carried out; (d) when the ECU determines that the driver's brake operation is not being carried out, execute second brake control for automatically controlling the braking force of the vehicle in response to a condition of the vehicle, other than the brake operation amount; and (e) when the second brake control is executed, reduce a proportion of a braking force of the regenerative brake within the total braking force as compared to when the first brake control is executed.
id-CN104773083B    abstract-本发明涉及一种混合动力传动系统及车辆，所述混合动力传动系统包括电池单体和至少一个控制器，其中，所述至少一个控制器被配置为输出电池单体在滑动窗口时间段的平均内电阻。平均电阻抗由控制器基于由电池单体输出的电压的快速傅里叶变换与输入到电池单体的电流的快速傅里叶变换的商而计算得到。平均内电阻由控制器基于平均电阻抗而计算得到。控制器可还根据平均内电阻来控制电池单体。
id-KR102187995B1    abstract-본 발명은 회생 제동에 의해 슬립이 발생했을 때에 차량 거동을 안정적으로 유지할 수 있는 브레이크 제어 장치를 제공하는 것을 과제로 한다.  제2 ECU(35)에는, 차륜(2L, 2R, 3L, 3R)의 슬립량을 검출하는 슬립량 검출기(56)를 접속한다. 제1 ECU(27)는, 모터ㆍ제너레이터(55)에 의한 회생 제동중에, 슬립량 검출기(56)의 검출치에 기초하여 전륜(2L, 2R)이 슬립하고 있는 것이 검출되고 있는 동안, 모터ㆍ제너레이터(55)의 회생 제동량을 미리 정해진 양 감소시킨 후, 그 회생 제동량을 미리 정해진 시간 유지하는 슬립 억제 제어를 반복하여 행하는 회생 슬립 제어 수단을 갖고 있다. 이 경우, 회생 슬립 제어 수단은, 전륜(2L, 2R)이 슬립하고 있는 것이 검출되었을 때의 회생 제동의 미리 정해진 감소량을, 그 후의 슬립 억제 제어에서의 회생 제동의 미리 정해진 감소량보다 크게 설정하고 있다.
id-CN111055693B    abstract-一种设备，包括：多通道DC总线组件，所述多通道DC总线组件包括第一通道和第二通道；第一机电装置，所述第一机电装置联接到所述第一通道的正DC链接；以及第二机电装置，所述第二机电装置联接到所述第二通道的正DC链接。第一DC至AC电压逆变器联接到所述第一通道的所述正DC链接；第二DC至AC电压逆变器联接到所述第二通道的所述正DC链接。所述设备进一步包括：双向电压修正组件，所述双向电压修正组件联接到所述第二通道的所述正DC链接；以及第一能量储存系统，所述第一能量储存系统电联接到所述第一机电装置。
id-US20160325732A1    abstract-The present disclosure discloses a vehicle and a braking feedback control method for the same. The braking feedback control method includes the following steps: detecting a current speed of a vehicle and a depth of a braking pedal of the vehicle; when the current speed of the vehicle is greater than a preset speed, the depth of the braking pedal is greater than 0, and an anti-lock braking system of the vehicle is in a non-working state, controlling the vehicle to enter a braking feedback control mode, where when the vehicle is in the braking feedback control mode, a required braking torque corresponding to the vehicle is obtained according to the depth of the braking pedal, and a braking torque of a first motor generator, a braking torque of a second motor generator, and a braking torque of basic braking performed on the vehicle are distributed according to the required braking torque.
id-CN104494599B    abstract-本发明公开了一种车辆及其的滑行回馈控制方法，其中，所述滑行回馈控制方法包括以下步骤：检测车辆的当前车速和车辆的制动踏板的深度以及油门踏板的深度；当车辆的当前车速大于预设车速、制动踏板的深度和油门踏板的深度均为0、车辆的当前挡位为D挡、车辆未处于巡航控制模式且车辆的防抱死制动系统处于未工作状态时，控制车辆进入滑行回馈控制模式，其中，在所述车辆处于所述滑行回馈控制模式时，根据选择的车辆的滑行回馈扭矩曲线对所述第一电动发电机的滑行回馈扭矩和所述第二电动发电机的滑行回馈扭矩进行分配。本发明的车辆的滑行回馈控制方法能够保证车辆的驾驶舒适性的前提下最大限度地回收能量，提高了能量回馈效率。
id-CN104787035B    abstract-本发明提供一种车辆，所述车辆包括具有电机的动力传动系以及被配置为抑制车轮旋转的摩擦制动器。所述车辆还包括至少一个控制器，所述至少一个控制器被配置为：(i)响应于驾驶员制动需求发出使电机施加再生扭矩的命令，以使车辆减速；(ii)当车速降低为小于第一阈值时，使再生扭矩衰减并使摩擦制动器的阻力补偿地增加，从而当车速小于第二阈值时仅通过摩擦制动器来大体上满足制动需求。
id-US9641106B2    abstract-An electric vehicle driven by a synchronous motor  21  and an induction motor  31 , and braked with a first regenerative torque BT 1  generated by the synchronous motor generator  21  and a second regenerative torque BT 2  generated by the induction motor generator  31 . The ratio of the first regenerative torque BT 1  to the second regenerative torque BT 2  is changed in accordance with a state of charge (SOC) of a battery  11 . In this way, a switching frequency from a regenerative brake to a hydraulic brake is restricted to improve drivability when a state of charge (SOC) of the battery  11  is high.
id-US9718375B2    abstract-A 12 volt automotive battery system includes a first battery directly coupled to an electrical system, in which the first battery includes a first battery chemistry, and a second battery coupled in parallel with the first battery and directly coupled to the electrical system, in which the second battery includes a second battery chemistry with a higher coulombic efficiency than the first battery chemistry. The first battery and the second battery are non-voltage matched such that a voltage range of the second battery is higher than a voltage range of the first battery. The first battery steers power generated during regenerative braking to the second battery using internal resistance of the first battery to enable the second battery to capture a majority of the power generated during regenerative braking, and the second battery provides power to the electrical system due to the higher voltage range of the second battery when the second battery has a positive state of charge.
id-EP3798044B1    abstract-
id-US9527401B2    abstract-A 12 volt automotive battery system includes a first battery coupled to an electrical system, in which the first battery includes a first battery chemistry. The first battery is charged with a relatively constant first voltage, in which an alternator outputs the relatively constant first voltage. The 12 volt automotive battery system further includes a second battery coupled in parallel with the first battery and selectively coupled to the electrical system via a DC/DC converter, in which the second battery includes a second battery chemistry that has a higher coulombic efficiency than the first battery chemistry. The DC/DC converter boosts the first voltage to a second voltage to charge the second battery during regenerative braking, in which the second voltage is higher than a maximum charging voltage of the first battery.
id-US10150347B2    abstract-In a vehicular air conditioning device, a heater core is disposed on a circulation passage for cooling water for cooling a motor, and an inverter configured to control an output of the motor by changing a carrier frequency, and heats conditioning air. An air conditioning controller sets a required calorific value of the motor and the inverter according to a vehicle compartment temperature requested by a passenger. A carrier frequency changing unit sets a carrier frequency at which a calorific value of the motor and the inverter is made equal to the required calorific value, out of carrier frequencies capable of implementing a target output of the motor to be set depending on a traveling state of a vehicle. An electric power conversion device converts direct-current power of a battery into alternating-current power at the set carrier frequency, and supplies the alternating-current power to the motor.
id-CN104816638B    abstract-一种车辆，所述车辆包括：电动机(142)，所述电动机通过再生控制向混合动力车辆提供再生制动力；再生级别选择器(230)，其通过驾驶员的操作来选择电动机(142)的再生制动力，其中，与没有应用ECO模式时相比，当应用ECO模式时，ECU(320)增大再生级别选择器(230)选择的再生制动力。
id-EP3092145A4    abstract-
id-DE102014118118B4    abstract-Verfahren, umfassend: Einholen einer Umgebungstemperatur für ein Fahrzeug mit einem wiederaufladbaren Energiespeichersystem (RESS); Einholen einer Temperatur des RESS; und Ergreifen einer Maßnahme, die auf einer erwarteten Degradation des RESS nach einem Abschalten des Fahrzeugs basiert, wenigstens teilweise basierend auf der Umgebungstemperatur und der RESS-Temperatur, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass das Verfahren ferner umfasst: Berechnen einer Zeitdauer, nach welcher das RESS voraussichtlich um mindestens einen vorbestimmten Grad degradiert, wenigstens teilweise basierend auf der Umgebungstemperatur und der RESS-Temperatur; wobei der Schritt des Ergreifens der Maßnahme ein Bereitstellen einer Warnung im Hinblick auf die berechnete Zeitdauer umfasst; Empfangen einer Eingabe im Hinblick auf einen zukünftigen Zeitpunkt, zu dem ein Fahrer eine Fahrzeugfahrt zu beginnen beabsichtigt; wobei der Schritt des Ergreifens der Maßnahme ein Ergreifen der Maßnahme umfasst, wenn die erwartete Degradation zum zukünftigen Zeitpunkt größer als eine vorbestimmte Schwelle ist.
id-CN106414150A    abstract-提供了一种车辆(10)，该车辆被配置成抑制减速度在制动期间的变化。当由混合ECU(41)生成再生制动力以使混合动力车辆(10)制动并且ECU(41)与制动ECU(42)之间的通信发生异常时，ECU(41)随着时间推移逐渐减小目标再生制动力的大小。另一方面，ECU(42)随着时间推移将目标摩擦制动力的大小逐渐增大至目标总制动力的大小。此外，当车辆(10)被制动并且至ECU(41)的功率供给被断开以导致ECU(41)与ECU(42)之间的通信发生异常时，ECU(41)完成电动马达(14)的再生操作，并且ECU(42)将目标摩擦制动力的大小迅速地增大至目标总制动力的大小。
id-CN104760509A    abstract-本发明提供一种车辆用控制装置。车辆用控制装置(30)具备驱动电动机(11)和具有使驱动电动机(11)与轮胎15之间的转矩传递连接和切断的功能的离合机构(40)。车辆用控制装置(30)具备使从二次电池(6)输入的电力平滑化的平滑电容器(33)、驱动电动机(11)用的驱动电路(32)、离合机构(40)用的驱动电路(36)、各驱动电路控制用的微型处理器(31)。在判定为车辆发生了碰撞时，微型处理器(31)将各驱动电路与二次电池(6)切断分离，以使离合机构(40)成为分离状态的方式发出指令。
id-JP2015139282A    abstract-【課題】間欠昇圧制御による損失低減効果を生かしつつ、コンバータでの電力損失を低減する。 【解決手段】車両の電源装置は、バッテリ１５０とコンバータ２００との間に電気的に接続され、バッテリ１５０から供給される電力を用いて駆動されるエアコンディショナ２４０等の補機類と、バッテリ１５０の充放電要求量を含む車両要求パワーに基づいて、インバータ２１０，２２０等を制御する制御装置５００とを備える。制御装置５００は、コンバータ２００を連続的に作動させる連続昇圧モードと、コンバータ２００を間欠的に作動させる間欠昇圧モードとを有する。制御装置５００は、連続昇圧モード時にはバッテリ１５０から供給される電力に基づいて充放電要求量を算出する一方で、間欠昇圧モード時には、コンバータ２００を通過する電力に基づいて算出するように充放電要求量の算出方法を変更し、かつ連続昇圧モード時よりも充放電要求量を抑制する。 【選択図】図７
id-JP2015144517A    abstract-【課題】走行用駆動源としてエンジンを有さずにモータを有する車両のメンテナンス性を向上する。【解決手段】電子制御装置は、走行用駆動源としてエンジンを有さずにモータ（１２）を有し、該モータに電力供給源（１６）から電力が供給される車両（１０）を制御するとともに、診断対象の異常検出時には診断対象に対応する異常コードを記憶する自己診断機能を備える。電子制御装置の駆動判定手段（Ｓ１０〜Ｓ７０）は、異常コードが記憶された状態でイグニッションスイッチがオンされると、モータ及び電力供給源がそれぞれ正常に駆動しているか否か判定する。異常判定手段（Ｓ８０）は、駆動判定手段によりモータ及び電力供給源の正常判定がなされた場合に、異常コードが記憶された診断対象に再び異常が検出されたか否か判定する。消去手段（Ｓ１００〜Ｓ１２０）は、異常判定手段により異常の再検出なしと判定された場合に、対応する異常コードを消去する。【選択図】図２
id-CN105916727A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于控制向车辆供给电力的接触网的电压的方法和设备。第一车辆：检测在第一车辆附近的第二车辆的牵引命令或再生命令，当检测到第二车辆的再生命令时，增加由第一车辆向第一车辆的马达驱动装置供给的电力，当检测到第二车辆的牵引命令时，减少由第一车辆向第一车辆的马达驱动装置供给的电力。
id-WO2015106336A1    abstract-The system comprises an onboard controller that receives data from at least one vehicle motion sensor and signals an electrical charger to charge an onboard battery pack when a vehicle motion parameter in the data indicates the vehicle is in a condition for efficient electrical charging. The controller receives data from a vehicle speed sensor, and signals an electrical charger to charge an onboard battery pack when a vehicle speed parameter in the data indicates the vehicle is moving below a threshold speed for efficient electrical charging, for example when there is no electrical drain load on the battery pack from the drivetrain, and preferably not from electrically powered accessories on the vehicle as well. The charging would be deactivated when the state-of-charge of the battery pack was already such that commencement of or continuation of charging would be superfluous or detrimental to the battery pack.
id-CN104908604A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于机动车的机载电网，其中机载电网具有低压子网和高压子网，所述低压子网具有至少一个其他负载和起动机，所述高压子网具有至少一个其他负载和发电机，其中所述高压子网与所述低压子网通过耦合单元连接，耦合单元设计用于，从所述高压子网获取能量并且向所述低压子网供给，其中所述高压子网具有电池，所述电池设计用于产生高压并且输出到高压子网，并且所述电池具有至少两个带有导线区段的电池单元，导线区段被引导至耦合单元。在此耦合单元设计用于选择性地将电池单元接通到低压子网上。本发明还涉及具有内燃机和这种机载电网的机动车。
id-DE102015100167A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeugrekuperationsbremssteuersystem enthält ein Bremspedal; einen mit dem Bremspedal zusammenwirkenden Bremspedalwinkelsensor; ein mit dem Bremspedalwinkelsensor zusammenwirkendes Fahrzeugbremssystem, wobei das Fahrzeugbremssystem dazu ausgelegt ist, Reibbremsung und Rekuperationsbremsung als Reaktion auf den Empfang eines Bremspedalwinkeleingangssignals vom Bremspedalwinkelsensor zu implementieren; und einen Bremspedalschalter und/oder einen Hauptbremszylinderdrucksensor, die mit dem Bremspedal und dem Fahrzeugbremssystem zusammenwirken. Das Fahrzeugbremssystem ist ferner dazu ausgelegt, Reibbremsung und Rekuperationsbremsung als Reaktion auf eine Eingabe von einem Bremspedalschalter und/oder einem Hauptbremszylinderdrucksensor zu implementieren, falls das Fahrzeugbremssystem kein Bremspedalwinkeleingangssignal vom Bremspedalwinkelsensor empfängt. Es wird auch ein Rekuperationsbremssteuerverfahren offenbart.
id-JP2017078871A    abstract-【課題】車両の走行に要する消費エネルギーを正確に予測して、最適な経路を素早く探索する。【解決手段】サーバ装置５００は、蓄積部５０２により、複数の地図レベルに階層分けされ、各地図レベルについて所定の道路区間ごとに設定されたリンクの情報を含む地図データと、地図データにおいて地図レベル１に対応する各下位リンクに対して、消費電力量または回生電力量を推定するための統計パラメータとを記憶する。また、演算処理部５０１の処理により、蓄積部５０２に記憶された下位リンクの統計パラメータに基づいて、レベル１よりも上位の地図レベルに対応する各上位リンクに対して、消費電力量または回生電力量を推定するための統計パラメータを算出する。これらの統計パラメータに基づいて、推奨経路の探索を行う。【選択図】図１
id-DE102015201015A1    abstract-Eine elektrische Maschine (z. B. Motor oder Generator) für ein elektrisches Antriebssystem für ein Elektrofahrzeug wird angepasst, um mit den Rädern des Fahrzeugs zur Umwandlung zwischen gespeicherter elektrischer Energie und der Drehung der Räder gekoppelt zu werden. Ein Koordinatenwandler ist mit der elektrischen Maschine gekoppelt, welche einen Rotor aufweist, der sich mit der elektrischen Maschine dreht, wobei der Koordinatenwandler auf ein Anregungssignal reagiert, um ein Positionssignal zu erzeugen. Eine Steuerung ist mit dem Koordinatenwandler gekoppelt, um das Positionssignal zu empfangen, und ist mit der elektrischen Maschine gekoppelt, um die Umwandlung zu steuern. Die Steuerung erzeugt das Anregungssignal bei einer variablen Frequenz, welche als eine Funktion eines Betriebspunkts der elektrischen Maschine ausgewählt wird, um harmonische Rauschspitzen zu vermeiden, die sich an der elektrischen Maschine ausbreiten. Folglich wird das Positionssignal vergleichsweise weniger durch elektromagnetisches Rauschen beeinflusst.
id-KR20150088060A    abstract-본 발명은 전기자동차의 감속제동시 소멸되는 운동에너지를 전기에너지로 변환 충전하여 재활용하는 발전장치에 관한 것으로, 그 구성은 회전을 차량의 바퀴로 전달하는 샤프트가 내부에 관통하며, 차량의 스톱스위치와 전기적으로 연결되어 차량의 감속제동시 상기 샤프트로부터 회전을 제공받도록 하는 전기식 클러치;와, 상기 전기식 클러치로부터 회전을 공급받아 회전되되, 기어변속을 통해 소정의 회전을 제공하도록 하는 자동 변속기어박스;와, 상기 자동 변속기어박스로부터 회전을 공급받아 회전되어 전기를 생성하는 저전압 발전기;와, 상기 발전기와 전기적으로 연결되어 상기 발전기에서 생성되는 전기가 차량의 배터리에 저장되도록 하는 충전기;로 된 것을 특징으로 하는 것으로서, 장치의 구성을 간소화하여 설치공간의 제약이 없을 뿐만 아니라, 자동차의 감속시 감속장치의 작동과 동시에 발전이 이루어지므로, 운행하는 자동차의 감속을 수행하는 감속장치를 도와 감속장치의 에너지 소모를 절감하는 동시에 발전하여 소멸하는 운동에너지를 전기에너지로 변환하여 배터리에 충전하여 재사용할 수 있도록 하는 효과가 있다. 또한, 자동차의 감속시 발전의 효율적인 200 내지 3000 RPM의 회전이 발전기로 공급되도록 차량의 운행속도에 따라 회전 RPM을 적합하게 변속하여 발전기로 공급하는 자동 변속기어박스를 포함하므로, 차량이 저속 또는 고속으로 운행되더라도 발전의 적합한 회전이 발전기로 공급되어 효율적인 발전이 이루어짐은 물론이며, 발전기로 과잉회전 공급으로 인해 발전효율이 저하되거나 장치가 파손되는 경우를 예방할 수 있는 효과가 있다.
id-EP2899055A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a method and a device for controlling the voltage of a catenary supplying electric power to rolling stocks. The first rolling stock: - detects a traction command or a regeneration command of a second rolling stock in the neighborhood of first rolling stock, - increases the electric power supplied by the first rolling stock to means for heating, ventilation and air conditioning when a regeneration command of the second rolling stock is detected, - decreases the electric power supplied by the first rolling stock to the means for heating, ventilation and air conditioning when a traction command of the second rolling stock is detected.
id-US10384546B2    abstract-A braking system includes a drive system having a traction motor coupled in driving relationship to a wheel of a vehicle, a braking device configured to brake the vehicle, and a control unit. The motor is configured to provide both motive power for the vehicle in a propel mode of operation and retarding effort to brake the vehicle. The control unit is configured to determine a total retarding effort required to brake the vehicle in a braking mode of operation, and an amount of traction motor retarding effort available from the traction motor. The control unit is further configured to control the traction motor and the braking device so that at least one of the traction motor and the braking device brake the vehicle in the braking mode of operation.
id-US20150200384A1    abstract-An example battery cell for an electric vehicle includes at least one conductive case, and an electrode structure in direct electrical contact with the at least one conductive case. The electrode structure is to selectively provide power to an electric vehicle.
id-CN105960573B    abstract-车辆信息提供装置(S)具备：行驶履历累积部(26)，其从车辆(A)的车载装置(1)依次获取并累积行驶位置信息、消耗电力信息以及充电设施信息；目的地点等输入部(22)，其将出发地点和目的地点输入；履历统计处理部(27)，其对与计划路线类似的提示路线进行检索；对应图存储部(261)，其存储对应图，该对应图是通过使得将任意的2个充电设施彼此连结的充电设施间路线、和与车辆(A)在充电设施间路线上行驶时的电动机的消耗电力相关的特性值相关联而得到的；以及是否需要充电判定部，其判定车辆是否需要前往充电设施，在判定为车辆(A)需要前往充电设施的情况下，履历统计处理部参照对应图而进行充电设施间路线的组合的选择。
id-CN104859473B    abstract-本发明提供一种用于车辆的动力传动系控制系统、车辆及控制车辆的方法。混合动力电动车辆和纯电动车辆包括牵引电池。在车辆运行期间，可以估计牵引电池的阻抗参数。为了确保准确的估计结果，特定的持续激励标准可被满足。这些条件可能不会一直被满足，在这些条件不被满足的情况下，可以启动牵引电池功率需求的主动激励。主动激励电池的调用可以基于牵引电池的参数的变化性和电池参数的最新估计值的存在时间。随着参数估计的变化性的增大，主动激励电池请求之间的时间可缩短。
id-US9321463B2    abstract-A regenerative braking apparatus has an inverter. The inverter uses the rotational energy of the wheels to let the motor generator generate electric power for the purpose of providing regenerative braking. The regenerative braking apparatus also includes a refrigeration cycle unit and a heating cycle unit. The refrigeration cycle unit compresses a refrigerant with the electric power of the battery in order to heat a heat exchanger. The heating cycle unit is a unit in which a medium heated by the heat exchanger flows to heat the battery. When the battery is in a fully charged state where the battery cannot be charged with regenerative electric power of the motor generator, the regenerative braking apparatus exercises electric power consumption control to force the refrigeration cycle unit and the heating cycle unit to consume the electric power of the battery.
id-CN106029463B    abstract-一种对车辆从当前地到目的地的移动进行辅助的移动辅助装置具备模式计划部，模式计划部对于划分了行驶路径的各区间，根据与该区间相关联的行驶负载，计划第一模式和第二模式中的任意行驶模式，所述第一模式是不维持二次电池的蓄电量的模式，所述第二模式是维持二次电池的蓄电量的模式。在电池的蓄电量是第一阈值以上时，模式计划部以该车辆行驶中的区间或者与该区间连续的下一区间作为基准，将假设以第一模式行驶时预测的电池的蓄电量达到第二阈值以下之前的区间作为优先计划第一模式的第一模式优先区间，所述第二阈值小于所述第一阈值。
id-US9878631B2    abstract-A system and method for management of an energy storage system for a vehicle is disclosed. The energy storage system may comprise a battery system for a vehicle such as an electric vehicle or hybrid-electric vehicle. Vehicles may be in a group of fleet. The management system may be configured to use data and information available from data sources over a network or by instrumentation/sensors for vehicle systems. Data and information could be used in a system to manage the configuration and operation of the energy storage system and components, manage/control inventory and use/life-cycle of components, and/or aggregated/analyzed in analytics function for systems and components. Predictive control of the battery system may be implemented through a management system using data sources external to the vehicle. Inventive concepts and features of the systems and methods are indicated in the specification and FIGURES.
id-US9799934B2    abstract-A vehicle electric battery controlling apparatus is applied to a vehicle including an on-board charger to charge a battery in the vehicle with power supplied from an external power source, a heater to warm the battery, and a DC-DC converter to reduce the voltage of power from the battery and then supply the battery power to the heater. The vehicle electric battery controlling apparatus includes a DC-DC converter controller to drive the DC-DC converter to supply the battery power to the heater before the charge of the battery by the on-board charger, and an on-board charger controller to drive the on-board charger such that the power source for the heater is gradually shifted from the battery to the external power source, after the DC-DC converter is driven.
id-US10059219B2    abstract-An exemplary electric vehicle includes a data storage module to hold a range of past energy consumption rates for an electric vehicle, and a controller to calculate a predicted energy consumption for the electric vehicle based on variations in the past energy consumption rates across the range. An exemplary vehicle assembly includes a data storage module to hold a range of past energy consumption rates for an electric vehicle, and a controller configured to calculate a predicted energy consumption for the electric vehicle based on variations in the range. An operation of the electric vehicle is configured to alter in response to the predicted energy consumption.
id-US9902249B2    abstract-In order to secure a driving performance of an electric vehicle while stably supporting a fuel cell stack, a fuel cell stack generating electric power, a motor generator, and an electrical adjuster are accommodated in an accommodation compartment formed at a front side of a passenger compartment in a vehicle length direction. The electric motor and the electrical adjuster are housed in a common, bottom casing and the bottom casing is arranged at a bottom of the accommodation compartment. A stack support surface which is flat and extends in substantially a horizontal direction is formed at a top of the casing. The fuel cell stack is arranged above the casing and is supported by the casing through mounts arranged on the stack support surface.
id-US9413281B2    abstract-In an apparatus, a controller performs, as a calculation of d- and q-axis values of a current vector, a first task and a second task. The first task expands one of a measured first phase current and another phase current into Fourier series of the corresponding phase current as a function of an electric rotational angle of an AC motor. The first task extracts a first-order component from the Fourier series to obtain first and second Fourier coefficients of the first-order component. The second task calculates the d-axis value as a first sum of the first and second Fourier coefficients to which temporally-invariant constants of a first pair have been multiplied, and the q-axis value as a second sum of the first and second Fourier coefficients to which temporally-invariant constants of a second pair have been multiplied.
id-US20150243974A1    abstract-The disclosure set forth herein is directed to battery devices and methods therefor. More specifically, embodiments of the instant disclosure provide a battery electrode that comprises both intercalation chemistry material and conversion chemistry material, which can be used in automotive applications. There are other embodiments as well.
id-EP3109111B1    abstract-
id-EP3103158B1    abstract-
id-CN103802821A    abstract-本发明属于混合动力车辆的驱动控制技术领域，具体涉及一种基于混合动力用复合电源的动力控制方法。本发明技术方案中，在车辆急加速时，利用超级电容比功率高的优点来提供较大的瞬时功率，能够提高电源的响应特性，也可以减小电池的放电电流，减小对电池的损伤，当车辆减速度较大需要较大制动功率时，利用超级电容来吸收大部分制动能量，减小对电池的充电电流。不仅能提高制动能量回收的比例，而且能增加电池的使用寿命。
id-WO2015123737A1    abstract-A presente invenção refere-se a um sistema inteligente de gerenciamento de energia para veículos totalmente elétricos (1) ou elétricohíbridos (2), que prioriza a regeneração de energia cinética em energia elétrica, composto por unidade de controle principal de energia (3) com controle adaptativo para melhorar eficiência com rodagem subsequente em rota específica, sistema embarcado de armazenamento de energia (4), carregador bidirecional para recarregamento do veículo (5), normal ou por oportunidade, ou fornecimento de energia elétrica a consumidor externo, conversores para o sistema auxiliar (6), com possibilidade de controle de operação e manutenção remotas, uso de dispositivo com tela sensível ao toque (57) e com disponibilidade de tomadas a bordo para recarregamento de dispositivos pessoais. A presente invenção refere-se ainda a um sistema inteligente de gerenciamento de energia para gerador de energia (22, 23, 24, 25, 69, 84) para geração distribuída de energia elétrica em modo não embarcado, bem como um método utilizado para gerenciar energia nestes sistemas e um método para controlar o funcionamento de um gerador de energia (22, 23, 24, 25, 69, 84).
id-US9950639B2    abstract-In one aspect, a system for torsional damping of electric traction drives comprises dual Kalman filters to correct for oscillations based on measured traction motor speed and commanded traction motor torque. A first Kalman filter can perform a state space estimate of the shaft torque providing negative feedback to the final torque command in order to eliminate resonant components from the commanded torque and quickly damp external disturbances. A second Kalman filter provides a state space estimation of the load torque or, equivalently, load acceleration. This second Kalman filter can ignore commanded torque and can provide a damping feedback when the wheel speed deviates from the vehicle speed.
id-JPWO2015118574A1    abstract-地上装置６は、制御部１５、記憶部１６および地上送受信部１７を有している。地上送受信部１７には地上アンテナ１８が接続されている。車上装置１１からの列車情報は、地上アンテナ１８を経由して地上送受信部１６で受信し、制御部１５へ送信される。一方、制御部１５からの情報は、地上送受信部１７および車上アンテナ１８を経由して、車上装置１１へ送信される。制御部１５は、列車４の列車情報を記憶部１６へ蓄積するとともに、車上装置１１に、列車４に搭載された機器に対する指令情報を送信する。
id-US20150244301A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes a battery, a boosting converter, first and second inverters, a first inverter connected to the first inverter, a second motor generator connected to the second inverter, and a control unit configured to start and suspend the boosting converter. The control unit increases one or both of carrier frequencies F c1 , F c2  of the first and second inverters as a real boost voltage VHr increases during a suspended state of the boosting converter. The control unit decreases one or both of the carrier frequencies of the first and second inverters as real boost voltage VHr decreases during a suspended state of the boosting converter. System efficiency of an electric vehicle can be improved effectively by increasing the suspension time of the boosting converter, while securing drivability of the vehicle.
id-US20150236381A1    abstract-Provided is a secondary battery including a positive electrode, a negative electrode, and a nonaqueous electrolyte solution. The nonaqueous electrolyte solution includes a boron compound having a quaternary structure expressed by Formula (1).
id-CN105980176A    abstract-通过简单的结构根据行驶状态而改变悬架特性。ECU(100)使用车辆速度‑弹性常数设定部(102)来根据车辆速度(V)计算目标弹性常数(K)，并且使用弹性常数‑频率设定部(103)来计算与目标弹性常数(K)对应的设定频率(f)。振荡输入计算部(104)生成表示以设定频率(f)进行振荡的振荡输入(Fv)的信号。叠加部105将通过把振荡输入(Fv)叠加在目标驱动力(F*)上所获取的值设定为新的目标驱动力(F*)(F*＝F*+Fv)。因此，车轮在纵向方向上表现出微小振荡，从而使得将微小振荡输入至悬架衬套。悬架衬套的弹性常数和阻尼系数根据所输入的微小振荡的频率而改变。因此，悬架特性可以被改变。
id-DE112014006331T5    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug (1) ist konfiguriert, um eine externe Energiezufuhr durchzuführen, bei der elektrische Energie nach außerhalb des Fahrzeugs zugeführt wird. Das Fahrzeug (1) umfasst eine Batterie (150), eine Maschine (100), einen ersten MG (110), der konfiguriert ist, um elektrische Energie unter Verwendung einer Triebkraft der Maschine (100) zu erzeugen, einen Kraftstoffzufuhranschluss (630) zum Zuführen von Kraftstoff für die Brennkraftmaschine (100) und eine ECU (300) zum Steuern einer externen Energiezufuhroperation. Wenn eine Kraftstoffzufuhr in den Kraftstoffzufuhranschluss (630) während der externen Energiezufuhr durchgeführt wird, unterbindet die ECU (300) einen Antrieb der Maschine (100) und führt die in der Batterie (150) gespeicherte elektrische Energie nach außerhalb des Fahrzeugs zu.
id-CN104852100A    abstract-本发明涉及电池系统。一种电池容量推定单元(52)根据有关电池的使用历史的信息推定电池的电池容量。水分侵入推定单元(53)推定侵入电池的水分量。电池容量校正单元(54)使用所推定的侵入水分量以校正所推定的电池容量。
id-US9421975B2    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus includes a battery, a boost converter connected to the battery for boosting battery voltage, an inverter connected to the boost converter for performing DC to AC conversion, and a motor-generator connected to the inverter for outputting drive power. Then, if an inter-vehicle distance is less than or equal to a predetermined distance or a relative speed in approaching direction is greater than or equal to a predetermined speed, the output voltage of the boost converter is lowered. This suppresses the output of the motor-generator and controls the inter-vehicle distance.
id-CN104816637A    abstract-一种再生制动控制系统包括至少一个传感器，其适合于在车辆制动过程中感测前胎撞击事件和响应于前胎撞击事件而传递传感器信号；再生动力传动系统，其与至少一个传感器相连和适合响应于接收来自至少一个传感器的传感器信号而降低再生制动扭矩。本发明也公开了一种再生制动控制方法。
id-EP3088241A1    abstract-Consumption of regenerated power by a regeneration inverter for electric railroads must rely on lighting and power supplies in yards, and can only consume a fraction of the regenerated power generated by a train. Switching switches switching a connection between electric car lines and a storage medium of a power storage device are connected respectively to the positive and negative electrodes on the direct current side of the regeneration inverter. The switching switch connected to the regeneration inverter positive electrode side performs control so as to switch to the electric car line side when charging the storage medium and to the storage medium side when discharging. The switching switch connected to the regeneration inverter negative electrode side is configured so as to switch to the storage medium charging side terminal through the regeneration inverter when charging, and to the negative electrode side of the electric car lines when discharging.
id-KR20150094362A    abstract-본 발명은 내연기관 차량에 적용이 가능한 인휠 회생제동시스템에 관한 것으로, 구동륜(100), 구동륜(100)에 장착되는 유성기어(200), 유성기어(200)에 연결된 발전기(300), 발전기(300) 및 구동륜(100)에 동력을 전달하기 위한 구동축(400) 및 발전기(300)와 구동축(400) 사이에 게재된 클러치(500)를 포함하여 구성되어, 유성기어(200)에 연결된 발전기(300)를 통해 차량 작동에 필요한 전력을 공급 받을 수 있으며, 필요시 발전기(300)를 모터로 구동하여 무한변속이 가능한 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-BR112016019726B1    abstract-MÉTODO E SISTEMA LIMITADOR DE TENSÃO DE QUATRO QUADRANTES, E, DISPOSITIVO DE ARMAZENAMENTO LEGÍVEL POR COMPUTADOR. Métodos, sistemas e dispositivos de armazenamento legíveis por computador para um limitador de tensão de quatro quadrantes que limita uma tensão da fase comandada para dentro de uma capacidade segunda de volts de um inversor através da manutenção de um fluxo do rotor e da dobra para trás de um torque tanto sobre comandos de torque de motorização quanto de regeneração. Em uma modalidade: (a) em uma operação de motorização, um limite superior para uma tensão do eixo geométrico q é forçado; e (b) em uma operação de regeneração um limite inferior para a tensão do eixo geométrico q é forçado.
id-CN105980187A    abstract-本发明提供即使在以空档状态行驶的车辆的行驶速度变化的情况下，也减少接合装置的接合冲击并使变速装置形成变速档的车辆用控制装置。变速装置根据变速档对与内燃机驱动连结的变速输入部件的旋转进行变速，并传递到与车轮驱动连结的变速输出部件，车辆用控制装置在车轮的旋转中并且从空档行驶状态使变速装置形成变速档的情况下，基于变速装置的输出同步旋转速度ωout的时间变化、和输入同步旋转速度ωin的时间变化，至少在用于形成变速档的接合装置的接合时te，执行使内燃机的输出转矩Teg低于与加速器开度对应的内燃机的转矩亦即要求转矩的转矩降低处理。
id-DE102014002042A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Fahrzeug (1) mit einem Brennstoffzellensystem (2), welches zumindest einen Teil der Antriebsleistung liefert, mit einem Innenraumheizkreislauf (14), in welchem ein Heizungsmedium zirkuliert, sowie mit wenigstens einem Wasserabscheider (11) in dem Brennstoffzellensystem (2). Die Erfindung ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass der wenigstens eine Wasserabscheider (11) mit einem Kondensatspeicher (12) verbunden ist, welcher in wärmetauschendem Kontakt mit dem Heizungsmedium des Innenraumheizkreislaufs (14) steht.
id-GB2525279A    abstract-A railway vehicle driving device includes a first power converter 1 for driving a three-phase motor 3 by converting DC power input from overhead wiring 2 into three-phase AC power. A power storage device 7 is installed on the vehicle and is capable of charging and discharging DC power. A second power converter 4 controls the current flowing between the power storage device and the first electric power converter and is characterized in that while the first electric power converter is in a power running operation or a regenerative operation, the second electric power converter switches an operation mode of the power storage device to at least two or more operation modes among three operation modes: a charging mode, a discharge mode, and a stop mode, depending on least one of a voltage of the overhead wiring and an input voltage of the first electric power converter.
id-DE102014101597A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein System, eine elektrische Schaltung und ein Verfahren zum Versorgen eines elektrischen Antriebes eines Fahrzeuges mit elektrischer Energie, wobei eine erste und eine zweite Batterie vorgesehen sind, wobei bei einem Fahrerwunsch, bei dem die gewünschte Leistung des Antriebes unter einer ersten Grenze liegt, die erste Batterie die elektrische Leistung für den Antrieb liefert und zudem die zweite Batterie auflädt, und wobei bei einem Fahrerwunsch, die dem die gewünschte Leistung des Antriebes über der ersten Grenze liegt, die erste Batterie und die zweite Batterie die elektrische Leistung für den Antrieb liefern.
id-DE112015000314T5    abstract-Um dafür zu sorgen, dass eine Übertragungsvorrichtung schnell eine Übertragungsschaltstufe sogar dann ausbildet, wenn eine Fahrgeschwindigkeit eines in einem neutralen Zustand fahrenden Fahrzeugs, in dem die Übertragungsvorrichtung eine Übertragungsschaltstufe nicht ausbildet und eine Leistung nicht überträgt, ansteigt. Die Übertragungsvorrichtung ändert die Drehzahl eines Übertragungsschalteingangselements, das antreibbar mit einer Brennkraftmaschine gekoppelt ist, gemäß der Übertragungsschaltstufe und überträgt die geänderte Drehzahl zu einem Übertragungsschaltabtriebselement, das mit Rädern antreibbar gekoppelt ist. Das Fahrzeugsteuergerät steuert die Drehzahl der Brennkraftmaschine so, dass die Drehzahl eines Übertragungsschalteingangselements ωin höher als eine Nach-Übertragungsschalteingangsdrehzahl ωin_c wird, die die Drehzahl des Übertragungsschalteingangselements ist, nachdem eine besondere Übertragungsschaltstufe ausgebildet wurde, wenn die besondere Übertragungsschaltstufe in der Übertragungsvorrichtung von einem neutralen Fahrzustand während der Drehung der Räder ausgebildet wird, in zumindest einem Fall, in dem Einrückgerät zum Ausbilden der Übertragungsschaltstufe eingerückt sind, wenn die Drehzahl des Übertragungsschaltabtriebselements der Übertragungsvorrichtung ansteigt.
id-CN104924913A    abstract-本发明涉及将具有再生制动系统的车辆的减速度正常化。这里提供了一种操作具有摩擦制动系统和再生制动系统的车辆的方法。该方法确定再生扭矩容量，计算用于制动系统的期望再生扭矩量，检测期望再生扭矩量至少以阈值量超过再生扭矩容量，并且响应于该检测来控制摩擦制动系统的致动。另一种操作方法确定车辆的滑行扭矩容量，计算期望滑行扭矩量，检测期望滑行扭矩量至少以阈值量超过滑行扭矩容量，并且响应于该检测来控制摩擦制动系统的致动。
id-US10046641B2    abstract-A vehicle carries an energy storage system that powers mobility of the vehicle. The vehicle further carries a direct current input coupling to be connected to a direct current (DC) electrical power source, a DC output coupling, an alternating current (AC) input coupling, an AC output coupling, and electronics carried by the vehicle to control both AC and DC voltage and power levels.
id-EP3115250B1    abstract-
id-CN104890666B    abstract-提供了一种车辆，所述车辆包括具有电机的动力传动系，所述电机被构造为选择性地施加使车辆减速的再生制动扭矩。所述车辆还包括控制器，所述控制器被配置为基于由变速器降档造成的动力传动系的输出轴的转速的变化来控制在再生制动事件期间发生的变速器降档过程中的再生制动扭矩极限的变化速率。
id-US9783037B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a body, a first battery set, a first accessory device, a second battery set, a second accessory device, a load device, and connecting wires. The first battery set is installed in the body and includes at least one first series unit including a predetermined number of battery cells connected in series. The first accessory device is installed in the body and connected to the first battery set. The second battery set is installed in the body and includes at least one second series unit including a predetermined number of battery cells connected in series. The second accessory device is installed in the body and connected to the second battery set. The load device is installed in the body and connected to the first battery set via the first accessory device and to the second battery set via the second accessory device.
id-CN104890526B    abstract-本发明提供一种车辆、系统和方法，所述车辆可包括电池的电池单元和至少一个控制器，所述至少一个控制器被配置为：基于与电池相关联的状态观测，根据电池模型参数而控制车辆，所述电池模型参数从车辆外部的计算装置被接收，并且是对于被发送至计算装置的与电池单元的电池模型相关的测量值的响应。
id-CN105307924B    abstract-本发明提供一种车辆，该车辆在由左右一对的车轮间的驱动力差引起各车轮相对于车体相对移位时，可靠地使两车轮上下逆向地移位而不会偏向于一个车轮地移位，并且随着两车轮在上下逆向移位来操纵两车轮。利用前轮支承部件29分别可旋转地支承左右一对的前轮3。通过电动马达25分别对各前轮3赋予驱动扭矩。利用车架7可绕向前方倾斜的转向轴Lf转动地支承前轮支承部件29。通过使转向轴Lf绕前轮支承部件29转动，从而使各前轮3相对于车架7相互上下逆向地相对移位，同时操纵各前轮3。凭借由电动马达25赋予给各前轮3的扭矩之差使前轮支承部件29转动。
id-DE102015203789B4    abstract-Fahrzeug (2), welches aufweist:Batteriezellen (14, 32); undeine Steuereinrichtung (36), die dafür ausgelegt ist,das Fahrzeug (2) auf der Basis einer Zustandsbeobachtung der Batteriezellen (32) zu steuern, unter Verwendung von Modellparametern, die gemäß von der Steuereinrichtung bestimmten Nennparametern der Zellen (32) berechnet werden, korrigiert um fernbestimmte Delta-Parameter (64) der Zellen (32), wobei die Delta-Parameter (64) von einer externen Recheneinrichtung (74) in Reaktion auf ein Zellen-Batteriemodell (60) betreffende Zellenmesswerte empfangen werden, die zu der externen Recheneinrichtung (74) gesendet wurden, wobei die Delta-Parameter Korrekturen angeben, welche die Genauigkeit der Nennparameter (62) verbessern.
id-CN104950868B    abstract-公开了一种具有可变电流容量的电池模拟器。电池模拟器可操作为提供不同的输出。这些输出提供与被测试装置如何进行操作有关的不同的特性。在一示例中，诸如电子控制模块(ECM)或电池能量控制模块(BECM)的控制器可被测试。电池模拟器可提供不同的模式(例如，高电流模式或电压随时间改变模式)。牵引电池模拟器可包括：控制器；模拟输出电路，由控制器控制输出测试电流和测试电压；开关电路，连接到模拟输出电路并具有第一状态和第二状态。第一状态相对于第二状态提供随时间改变的增加的电压改变。第二状态提供与第一状态相比增加的电容。
id-EP3121082B1    abstract-
id-US9919603B2    abstract-The present invention improves emergency evasion performance. An operation control system for a vehicle that is provided with a risk-potential determining unit that determines the risk potential of a vehicle on the basis of external environment information and/or vehicle information, a friction braking unit that applies friction braking force to the vehicle, and a regenerative braking device that applies regenerative braking force to the vehicle, the operation control system being provided with a control value determining unit that determines a first control value that is for determining the size of the friction braking force and determines a second control value that is for determining the size of the regenerative braking force. The control value determining unit determines at least the first control value on the basis of the risk potential determined by the risk-potential determining unit.
id-CN104931784B    abstract-本发明涉及基于频率的电池模型参数估计，公开了一种混合动力传动系统，所述混合动力系统包括电池和至少一个控制器。所述至少一个控制器被配置为在系统的运转期间使用过滤的电池电压信号和电流输入信号来确定瞬时电池功率限制。所述至少一个控制器还被配置为分离测量的电池电压的中高频动态特性。在特定示例中，使用低通滤波器或高通滤波器来实现过滤处理。所述至少一个控制器还被配置为关联中高频负载以估计电池参数，并且，在一示例中，使用扩展的卡尔曼滤波来确定电池动态特性。
id-EP2916443B1    abstract-
id-CN104960512B    abstract-一种用于控制电气化车辆的再生制动来防止和最小化车轮滑转过程中的整体制动扭矩的减少的系统，包括适于传递防抱死制动系统激活信号的防抱死制动系统和与防抱死制动系统相连接的再生动力传动系统。再生动力传动系统适于在高减速制动事件过程中抑制响应于接收防抱死制动系统激活信号的再生制动扭矩减少。本发明也公开了一种控制电气化车辆的再生制动来防止和最小化车轮滑转过程中的整体制动扭矩的减少的方法。
id-CN106043301B    abstract-本发明提供一种充分地运用蓄电体性能的车辆用控制装置。车辆用控制装置具有连接到车轮的电动机、连接到电动机的蓄电体、控制蓄电体的充放电的充放电控制部、基于驾驶员的驾驶操作来控制电动机的第一行驶控制部以及基于对车速进行自动控制的巡航功能来控制电动机的第二行驶控制部，充放电控制部在第一行驶控制部控制电动机的情况下，将蓄电体的充放电电力控制在第一充放电范围Xa1、Xa4，在第二行驶控制部控制电动机的情况下，将蓄电体的充放电电力控制在比第一充放电范围Xa1、Xa4广的第二充放电范围Xb1、Xb4。
id-US9205841B2    abstract-A method for determining a road slope in an electric vehicle including determining the energy consumed or generated by a propulsion motor of the electric vehicle, determining the speed of the electric vehicle, and computing the road slope using samples of energy and speed of the electric vehicle. The method further including determining an optimal speed at which the vehicle should be driven for achieving maximum utility of energy.
id-US9176516B2    abstract-A dual stage accelerator pedal spring assembly is provided that allows the transition point between stroke stages to be adjusted in order to control pedal travel within the first stroke stage and provide the driver with a customizable accelerator pedal interface. The spring assembly, which uses two springs exhibiting different spring force, allows adjustment of the relative positions of the two springs in order to control the transition point between the first and second pedal stroke stages.
id-CN104972921A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于车辆的控制装置。车辆控制装置包括：电池；升压转换器，其被连接到所述电池，用于升高电池电压；第二逆变器，其被连接到所述升压转换器，用于执行直流/交流转换；第二MG，其被连接到所述第二逆变器，用于输出驱动力；以及SOC传感器，其用于检测所述电池的充电状态。控制部在所述SOC传感器已检测到的SOC超过第一阈值时，与在所述SOC低于第一阈值时相比，升高所述升压转换器的输出电压。通过这种方式，可以充分地利用再生制动，且不带来任何不适感的制动是可能的。
id-JP2015173589A    abstract-【課題】稼働可能なバッテリを有する車両からバッテリのエネルギーの一部を、稼働不能なバッテリを有する車両に譲る、車両のジャンプスタート過程又は緊急充電過程を実行する方法を提供する。 【解決手段】充電されている高圧トラクションバッテリ１４を有する支援車両１０によって、放電した高圧トラクションバッテリ３２を有する被支援車両２８のジャンプスタート過程３６又は緊急充電過程を実行する。支援車両のインバータ１６から電気駆動部１２への電流経路２４を切断し、支援車両のインバータ出力側を被支援車両の電気駆動部３０と接続することにより支援車両のインバータが駆動され、被支援車両の電気駆動部が始動される。緊急充電過程においては、支援車両のインバータの出力側を被支援車両のインバータ３４に接続することにより、被支援車両のインバータが駆動され、被支援車両の高圧トラクションバッテリを充電する。 【選択図】図２
id-JP2015186272A    abstract-【課題】インバータとコンバータで構成される車両用電源装置において、インバータに搭載された平滑用コンデンサの電荷の放電を目標とする放電時間内に達成する。【解決手段】メインバッテリ２０５の直流電力を交流電力に変換して電動機２０２を駆動するインバータ装置２０３と、インバータに並列に接続された平滑用コンデンサ２０４と、コンデンサの充放電及びインバータを制御するインバータ制御手段２０８と、制御手段に電力を供給するサブバッテリ２０６と、メインバッテリの電圧を降下させてサブバッテリを充電するＤＣ／ＤＣコンバータ１００と、ＤＣ／ＤＣコンバータの電力を制御するＤＣ／ＤＣコンバータ制御手段２０９とを備え、ＤＣ／ＤＣコンバータ制御手段は、ＤＣ／ＤＣコンバータの損失が通常動作時よりコンデンサの放電動作時の方が大きくなるように制御する変換効率悪化手段２１０を有する。【選択図】図１
id-JP2021170925A    abstract-【課題】低温時にも適切に動作可能な旋回用電動機及び蓄電系を備えるショベルを提供すること。【解決手段】本発明の実施例に係るショベルは、下部走行体１と、上部旋回体３と、キャパシタ１９と、を有し、キャパシタ１９に関する温度情報が基準温度範囲に無い場合、キャパシタ１９を、基準温度範囲に無い場合の制御モードにし、力行運転時のキャパシタ１９の出力を制限する。ショベルは、キャパシタ１９に関する温度情報が基準温度範囲に無い場合、キャパシタ１９及びメインポンプ１４を、基準温度範囲に無い場合の制御モードにしてもよい。【選択図】図２
id-JP6228059B2    abstract-
id-US9254760B2    abstract-A hybrid electric automotive powertrain includes an electric machine operable in propulsive and regenerative modes. The machine has positive and negative torque limits for the propulsive and regenerative modes, respectively, to reduce potential thermal damage to the machine due to overheating. The negative and positive torque limits are reduced independently as a temperature of the machine increases. The negative torque limit may be reduced at a greater rate than the positive torque limit.
id-US20170025922A1    abstract-Provided is a flywheel energy storage device including a radial magnetic gear, the radial magnetic gear includes an inner rotor, an outer rotor and N 1  first magnetic pole adjustment sheets embedded in a first magnetic pole adjustment sheet base; a disc-type magnetic gear electric motor includes a first stator disc, a first rotor disc, a second stator disc, a second rotor disc and a third rotor disc, the first stator disc with the first rotor disc form a first disc-type electric motor, the second stator disc with the second rotor disc form a second disc-type electric motor, and a disc-type magnetic gear is formed by the first rotor disc, the second rotor disc and the third rotor disc, and the first disc-type electric motor, the second disc-type electric motor and the disc-type magnetic gear are couple with one another to form the disc-type magnetic gear electric motor.
id-US9623862B2    abstract-In a control device, a control unit controls at least one switching element of a converter to increase a voltage supplied from a battery, thus outputting the increased voltage to a rotating electrical machine. The rotating electrical machine is capable of driving, based on the increased voltage output from the converter, an internal combustion engine, and capable of charging the battery based on torque supplied from the internal combustion engine. A limit unit limits, based on a change of an available maximum output of the internal combustion engine, the increased voltage output from the converter to be equal to or lower than a predetermined upper limit.
id-WO2015132327A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Energiespeichereinheit (1), aufweisend eine Energiespeicherkomponente (2), eine Elektronikkomponente (4) und eine Kühleinheit (3), dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass die Kühleinheit ausgebildet ist, die Energiespeicherkomponente (2) und die Elektronikkomponente (4) zu kühlen. Weiterhin betrifft die Erfindung ein Batteriesystem, das die Energiespeichereinheit (1) und eine Mehrzahl an Energiespeichern (9) aufweist, die jeweils zwei Energiespeicherkomponenten (2) aufweisen, zwischen denen eine Kühleinheit (3) angeordnet ist. Ferner betrifft die Erfindung ein Batteriesystem (10) mit einer derartigen Energiespeichereinheit (1).
id-US20150258899A1    abstract-A vehicle such as a large truck may generate electricity for operating a hybrid engine or recharging batteries by use of an electricity generating driveshaft. The electricity generating driveshaft is comprised of a magnetized driveshaft which acts as a rotor, and a series of copper wire coils surrounding the magnetized driveshaft which acts as a stator in an electrical generator. As the magnetized driveshaft spins as a result of power from the hybrid engine, an electrical field is created which is captured by the copper wire coils and used to power the hybrid engine or recharge a supercapacitor. A truck may also be slowed by selectively activating magnets surrounding the driveshaft which slows the driveshaft rotation and thereby slows the speed of the truck to bring the truck to a stop while the driveshaft continues to generate electricity.
id-KR20150108512A    abstract-본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 마일드 하이브리드 장치의 회생 효율 증대 방법은 브레이크 페달 입력량에 기초하여 요구 제동량을 결정하는 제 1단계, 상기 요구 제동량 및 고전압 배터리의 충전률에 기초하여 휠 브레이크 제동량 및 하이브리드 회생 제동량을 결정하는 제 2단계 및 상기 휠 브레이크 제동량 및 상기 하이브리드 회생 제동량을 기초로 휠 브레이크 제동 및 하이브리드 회생 제동을 발생시키는 제 3단계를 포함한다.
id-CN106105000A    abstract-一种电源系统(30)具有电力转换器(33)和控制装置(36)，该电力转换器(33)具有多个开关元件(S1至S4)并且执行与第一和第二蓄电装置(31、32)的电力转换，该控制装置(36)控制电力转换器的操作，当电力转换器执行与一个蓄电装置的电力转换时，控制装置控制电力转换器改变两个开关元件中的一个开关元件的开关状态，同时保持两个开关元件中的另一个开关元件处于导通状态，两个开关元件中的每一个开关元件构成预定的臂元件，该预定的臂元件的开关状态应改变为执行与一个蓄电装置的电力转换。
id-EP3121951A1    abstract-A self-charging type electromagnetic retarder having a main portion of the electromagnetic retarder consisting of a stator yoke, of a plurality of magnetic coils forming multi-phase connections, and of a steel rotor; a control device; an electric power generating type electromagnetic retarder potion having a driving device for a high revolution region consisting of transistors opened and closed by a drive pulse for the high revolution region issued from the control device, respectively; a capacitor portion storing therein an excess electric power; a diode for preventing a reverse-current; and a driving device for a low revolution region consisting of transistors opened and closed by a drive pulse for the low revolution region issued from the control circuit, respectively. The magnetic coils of each phase are connected with capacitors so as to form a resonance circuit, respectively. Each of the transistors for the high revolution region is connected in series to each of the multi-phase connections. Each of the transistors for the low revolution region is connected in series to each of the multi-phase connections through the capacitor portion and the diode. At the high revolution region, the excess electric power obtained from the electric power generating type electromagnetic retarder portion is stored in the capacitor portion, and at the low revolution region, the magnetic coils are excited by the electric power stored in the capacitor portion.
id-JP2015192489A    abstract-【課題】電力変換器の動作モードを好適に切り替える。【解決手段】電源制御装置（４０）は、複数の蓄電装置（３１、３２）が電気的に直列に接続された状態で電力変換を行う第１モードと複数の蓄電装置が電気的に並列に接続された状態で電力変換を行う第２モードとの間で動作モードを切替可能な電力変換器（３３）を備える電源システム（３０）を制御する電源制御装置であって、電源システムに入力可能な又は出力可能な許容電力を示す電力制限値（Ｗ（０））を、第２制限値（Ｗ（ｐ））から第１制限値（Ｗ（ｓ））に変更する変更手段（４０）と、変更手段が電力制限値を第１制限値に変更した後に、電力変換器の動作モードを第２モードから第１モードに切り替える切替手段（４０）とを備える。【選択図】図６
id-GB2523877A    abstract-A drive control system includes a energy storage unit 103 that stores power in a mobile unit, e.g. a railroad car, a drive unit 104 that drives the mobile unit in response to power supply from at least one of a power generator (102, fig 1), a catenary 1602 and the energy storage unit 103. An energy storage command unit 1140 controls a charging current value when power is stored in the energy storage unit 103 and determines a charging current limit value of the energy storage unit 103 according to a speed, sensed by a speed measuring unit 105,during braking of the mobile unit. A master controller 106 is controlled by an operator and outputs a driving command 150 to the drive unit 104 and the energy storage command unit 1104. A target stop and/or gradient is determined with reference to a database 1103. The drive control system provides an energy-saving effect which is obtained by setting a proper heat quantity in a certain time range according to the charging capacity of the energy storage unit 103.
id-FR3018244A1    abstract-Véhicule automobile du type électrique ou hybride comportant une batterie d'alimentation électrique (1) pour alimenter une machine électrique (3) d'un groupe motopropulseur électrique au moyen d'un étage onduleur (4) connecté à la machine électrique. Le véhicule comporte un étage convertisseur DC-DC (5) connecté entre la batterie et l'étage onduleur, l'étage convertisseur DC-DC étant configuré pour : - alimenter en énergie électrique l'étage onduleur à partir de l'énergie stockée dans la batterie d'alimentation électrique lors de phases de traction, et - alimenter en énergie électrique la batterie d'alimentation électrique lors de phase de charge de la batterie à partir d'un raccordement de l'étage convertisseur DC-DC à un réseau d'alimentation électrique ou lors de phases de freinage régénératif à partir de l'énergie électrique fournie par l'étage onduleur, le véhicule comportant en outre un circuit de raccordement muni de trois entrées pour une connexion à un réseau d'alimentation électrique monophasé ou triphasé
id-DE202014002840U1    abstract-Elektrisches Automobil (10) zum Umwandeln von elektrischer Energie, die von einer am elektrischen Automobil (10) angebrachten elektrischen Energiespeichervorrichtung (24) und/oder Stromleitungen (L1, L2) durch Stromleitungskontaktanschlüsse (CT1, CT2) an dem elektrischen Automobil (10) zugeführt wird, durch einen am elektrischen Automobil (10) angebrachten Inverter, und Zuführen der umgewandelten elektrischen Energie zu einem Motor (20) zum Antrieb des elektrischen Automobils (10), wobei es ferner aufweist: einen ersten DC/DC-Wandler (31), der zwischen Anschlüssen der elektrischen Energiespeichervorrichtung (24) und den Stromleitungskontaktanschlüssen (CT1, CT2) angeschlossen ist; einen zweiten DC/DC-Wandler (32), der zwischen den Stromleitungskontaktanschlüssen (CT1, CT2) und Anschlüssen des Inverters (22) angeschlossen ist; und eine Steuervorrichtung (40) zum Steuern/Regeln des ersten DC/DC-Wandlers (31) und des zweiten DC/DC-Wandlers (32); wobei, wenn von den Stromleitungen (L1, L2) durch die Stromleitungskontaktanschlüsse (CT1, CT2) elektrische Energie zugeführt wird, die Steuervorrichtung (40) den zweiten DC/DC-Wandler (32) ansteuert, um die an den Inverter (22) angelegte Spannung in die Lage zu versetzen, die vom Motor (20) angeforderte elektrische Leistung zu liefern; und wenn keine elektrische Energie von den Stromleitungen (L1, L2) zugeführt wird, während die Stromleitungskontaktanschlüsse (CT1, CT2) mit Abstand von den Stromleitungen (L1, L2) angeordnet sind, die Steuervorrichtung (40) den ersten DC/DC-Wandler (31) in einen Direktverbindungszustand steuert/regelt und den zweiten DC/DC-Wandler (32) so steuert/regelt, dass die an den Inverter (22) angelegte Spannung (V0) in der Lage ist, die vom Motor (20) angeforderte elektrische Leistung zu liefern, wenn eine Spannung (Vb) über der elektrischen Energiespeichervorrichtung (24) gleich oder höher als eine vorbestimmte Spannung ist, und den ersten DC/DC-Wandler (31) so steuert/regelt, dass die an den Inverter (22) angelegte Spannung (V0) in der Lage ist, die vom Motor (20) angeforderte elektrische Leistung zu liefern, und den zweiten DC/DC-Wandler (32) in einen Direktverbindungszustand steuert/regelt, wenn die Spannung (Vb) über der elektrischen Energiespeichervorrichtung (24) kleiner als die vorbestimmte Spannung ist.
id-CN104890523A    abstract-本发明题为用于控制能量使用的系统和方法。能量管理系统(119)包括能量管理模块(116)，其将车辆(100)的能量储存系统(114)与车辆的牵引环节(106)电连接，牵引环节电连接到牵引马达(110)。能量管理模块配置成在拖运路线期间按照放电规则(其通过多个放电规则的预测性能与拖运路线的基准性能的比较来选择)将电力从能量储存系统输送到牵引环节，其中电力没有从能量储存系统输送到牵引环节，以便得到相对于基准性能的燃料节省、速度过量或者燃料节省和速度过量的组合。
id-WO2015141235A1    abstract-電力センサは、導体で斜め方向にパターンニングされた磁性膜と、導体の一端部と接続された第１の素子端子と、導体の他端部と接続された第２の素子端子と、を有し、計測時に第１の素子端子が電力計測の対象となる対象装置に接続される磁性素子を有する。電力センサは、一端が磁性素子の第２の素子端子に接続された計測抵抗と、第１の素子端子と第２の素子端子との間の電圧の直流成分を検出する検出器と、を有する。磁性素子は、計測時に第１の素子端子から第２の素子端子への方向が、対象装置に接続された電線と略平行になるように配置される。
id-US10005317B2    abstract-A method of thermal management for an electrically motorized wheel, the method can include defining a thermally conductive path from at least one component, the at least one component becoming heated during operation of the electrically motorized wheel, providing the path with a thermally conductive material and further defining the path such that the path contacts the at least one component, further defining the path such that the path contacts a hub shell assembly of the electrically motorized wheel thereby conducting heat from the at least one component to the hub shell assembly.
id-US10308065B2    abstract-A spoke for a wheel can include a first end, a second end, and an attachment section therebetween, the first end and the second end extend at an acute angle with respect to each other, the attachment section including a non-circular portion in cross-section.
id-US9884548B2    abstract-A support block for a torque arm on a vehicle can include a first indentation and a second indentation each having an opening adapted to accept a portion of a torque arm, the first indentation and the second indentation each having a relief cut opposite the opening into which a portion of a torque arm can fit.
id-US9815363B2    abstract-A system, method, and device for operations of an electrically motorized vehicle. The vehicle can utilize an electrically motorized wheel to convert a non-motorized wheeled vehicle to an electrically motorized wheeled vehicle. A method of controlling the device of the electrically motorized wheel includes detecting a temperature of an electric motor of the electrically motorized wheel and controlling operation of the electric motor to maintain the detected temperature within a desired range.
id-US20160075177A1    abstract-A user interface for an electrically motorized wheel with a hub shell assembly, the user interface can include a user interface cover plate for a user interface panel that provides for operation of the electrically motorized wheel, the user interface cover plate rotationally stationary relative to a rotatable portion of the hub shell assembly, the user interface cover plate including an antenna aperture for an antenna of a wireless system.
id-US20160075226A1    abstract-A method of battery maintenance for an electrically motorized wheel can include accessing a contoured battery within the electrically motorized wheel while each of a multiple of spokes of the electrically motorized wheel remains laced.
id-CN104828073B    abstract-本发明提出一种车辆的控制方法，其中，车辆包括动力电池和用于驱动车辆的电机，该方法包括以下步骤：获取车辆的加速踏板信号和制动踏板信号；根据加速踏板信号判断车辆是否进行制动；如果车辆进行制动，则进一步根据制动踏板信号判断车辆的制动模式；如果车辆处于滑行制动模式，则获取车辆的实际能量回收力矩；如果实际能量回收力矩大于预设能量回收力矩，则控制车辆的刹车尾灯点亮以对后方车辆进行刹车提示。本发明能够提高具备制动能量回收功能的车辆的驾驶安全性。本发明还提供了一种车辆的控制系统。
id-DK2927086T3    abstract-
id-US20170117827A1    abstract-A drive control system includes a battery, a direct current/direct current converter, a first motor, a second motor, and a controller. The battery is a direct-current power supply. The direct current/direct current converter is connected to the battery. The first motor is connected to the direct current/direct current converter, and drives one of a front wheel and a rear wheel. The second motor is connected to the battery, and drives the other one of the front wheel and the rear wheel, which is different from the wheel that the first motor drives. The controller controls step-up operation of the direct current/direct current converter, and executes intermittent step-up control. When a required driving force of a vehicle changes during a stop of the direct current/direct current converter through the intermittent step-up control, the second motor outputs an amount of change in the required driving force.
id-US9496790B2    abstract-In a power conversion apparatus, a secondary winding is connected between main terminals of one of two circuit elements included in a main series circuit, and a voltage applied to a primary winding induces a voltage in a secondary winding in a direction from a first main terminal of a secondary winding, which is disposed at a low-potential side of the main series circuit, toward a second main terminal of a secondary winding, which is disposed at a high-potential side of the main series circuit. A rectifying unit blocks a current flowing from the high-potential side of the main series circuit toward the low-potential side of the main series circuit in a current path that includes the secondary winding and bypasses one of the two circuit elements included in the main series circuit.
id-KR101787823B1    abstract-전동 차량(10)은: 배터리(11)와; 상기 배터리에 연결된 유도 모터(14)와; 상기 유도 모터에 연결된 상기 배터리에 연결된 동기 모터(12)와; 상기 배터리의 저온 시에, 전류 변동의 소정 주파수에 기초하여, 상기 유도 모터의 미끄럼 주파수 지령을 변화시킴으로써 상기 전류 변동의 진폭이 커지도록 구성되는 적어도 하나의 전자 제어 장치(50)를 포함하고, 상기 전류 변동은 배터리 전류의 전류 변동, 또는 상기 배터리 전류에 관계되는 배터리 관계 전류의 전류 변동 중 어느 하나이다.
id-CN106132766B    abstract-具备：除法部(12)，其将由前馈补偿器(14)进行了校正的目标驱动力除以减速比，其中，该前馈补偿器(14)由第一传递函数和控制系统的逆系统构成，该第一传递函数用于使相对于目标驱动力的实际驱动力成为理想响应，该控制系统的逆系统是以第二传递函数来近似对目标驱动力进行动态校正的控制系统的响应后取第二传递函数的倒数而得到的；目标速度运算部(15)，其针对设为在车辆驱动系统中没有间隙且为完全的刚体的理想车辆模型，被输入由前馈补偿器进行了校正的目标驱动力来运算理想车辆模型的电动机的目标转速；校正量运算部(20)，其基于目标转速和电动机的实际转速来运算使目标转速与实际转速之间的偏差变小的校正量；以及指令值运算部(19)，其将除以了减速比后的目标驱动力与校正量相加，由此运算电动机转矩指令值。
id-DE102014207065A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren und eine entsprechende Vorrichtung zur Beeinflussung, insbesondere zur Erhöhung, der elektrischen Energie, die durch Bremsrekuperation eines Fahrzeugs erzeugt werden kann. Es wird ein Verfahren zur Steuerung der Längsdynamik eines ersten Fahrzeugs beschrieben. Das erste Fahrzeug umfasst eine Elektromaschine, die eingerichtet ist, eine Rekuperations-Verzögerung des ersten Fahrzeugs zu bewirken, bei der kinetische Energie des ersten Fahrzeugs in elektrische Energie gewandelt wird. Das Verfahren umfasst das Ermitteln einer bestimmten Höhe der Rekuperations-Verzögerung, und das Detektieren eines Vorder-Fahrzeugs auf einer Fahrbahn vor dem ersten Fahrzeug. Außerdem umfasst das Verfahren das Anpassen einer Fahrgeschwindigkeit des ersten Fahrzeugs, in Abhängigkeit von einer Fahrgeschwindigkeit des Vorder-Fahrzeugs und in Abhängigkeit von der bestimmten Höhe der Rekuperations-Verzögerung. Alternativ oder ergänzend umfasst das Verfahren das Anpassen eines Abstands zwischen dem ersten Fahrzeug und dem Vorder-Fahrzeug in Abhängigkeit von der bestimmten Höhe der Rekuperations-Verzögerung.
id-KR20150115144A    abstract-본 발명은 보조 에너지로 전기 에너지를 생산하는 전력생산장치, 전력생산장치에 의해 생산된 전기 에너지를 저장하는 전력저장장치, 전력저장장치에 저장된 전원을 교류전원으로 변환하여 철도역사에 설치된 역사설비로 공급하는 PCS(Power Conversion System) 및 역사설비의 부하량에 따라 전력생산장치로 전기 에너지를 생산하고 전력저장장치에 저장된 전원을 PCS를 통해 상기 역사설비로 공급하는 통합 관리 서버를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-EP2940861B1    abstract-
id-ES2627329T3    abstract-Vehículo (1) articulado para transportar pasajeros, dicho vehículo (1) que comprende al menos: un coche (10) delantero que comprende al menos un eje (12) delantero dirigido y al menos un primer eje (13) accionado; al menos un coche (20) trasero conectado a dicho coche (10) delantero mediante una primera unión (18) de articulación, dicho primer coche (20) trasero que comprende al menos un primer eje (23) operativo, en donde dicho primer coche (10) delantero comprende un sistema de accionamiento principal que comprende un motor (100) térmico de dicho vehículo (1) que acciona dicho primer eje (13) accionado, comprendiendo dicho sistema (100) de accionamiento principal al menos un tren (8) de accionamiento conectado, de forma operativa, ha dicho primer eje (13) accionado, y caracterizado porque el vehículo articulado no tiene ninguna línea de accionamiento que pasa de coche a coche y es modular comprendiendo uno o más coches (20) traseros, en donde cada coche (20, 20') comprende un primer sistema (105, 105') de accionamiento auxiliar para accionar dicho primer eje (23, 23') operativo de dicho coche (20, 20') trasero, dicho sistema (105, 105') de accionamiento auxiliar que comprende: al menos una máquina eléctrica (51, 52, 51', 52') acoplada, de forma operativa, a dicho primer eje (23, 23'); un sistema (106, 106') de almacenamiento de energía conectado eléctricamente a dicha máquina (51, 52, 51', 52') eléctrica, en donde, de acuerdo con un primer modo de funcionamiento de dicho sistema (105, 105') de accionamiento auxiliar, dicha al menos una máquina eléctrica funciona como un generador eléctrico para cargar dicho sistema de almacenamiento de energía y en donde de acuerdo a un segundo modo de funcionamiento, dicha al menos una máquina eléctrica funciona como un motor eléctrico para proporcionar potencia a dicho primer eje operativo y porque dicho coche delantero comprende un segundo eje (13') accionado operativo y al menos un dispositivo (91, 91') eléctrico conectado a dicho segundo eje (13') accionado operativo para proporcionar un par de tracción a dicho segundo eje (13') accionado operativo, y un sistema (94) de almacenamiento de energía conectado eléctricamente al dispositivo (91, 91') eléctrico, en donde durante el modo de frenado regenerativo del vehículo, el sistema de almacenamiento de energía es cargado por el dispositivo (91, 91') eléctrico que funciona como un generador y en demanda de potencia/par de torsión, el sistema de almacenamiento de energía proporciona energía eléctrica al dispositivo eléctrico.
id-KR20150116009A    abstract-본 발명은 도로 기울기 변화량에 따른 배터리 소모량 가중치 알고리즘을 적용한 전기자동차 특화 내비게이션 장치 및 그 방법에 관한 것으로, 전기자동차의 배터리 소모 및 회생제동이 도로의 기울기에 따라 달라지므로, 이에 대한 데이터를 수집 및 분석하여 도로 기울기 변화에 따른 배터리 소모량을 예상하기 위한 가중치 알고리즘을 적용한 전기자동차 특화 내비게이션 장치 및 그 방법에 관한 것이다.
id-DE102014207068A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren und eine entsprechende Vorrichtung zur Beeinflussung, insbesondere zur Erhöhung, der elektrischen Energie, die durch Bremsrekuperation eines Fahrzeugs erzeugt werden kann. Es wird eine Steuereinheit für ein Fahrzeug beschrieben. Das Fahrzeug umfasst eine Elektromaschine, die eingerichtet ist, eine Rekuperations-Verzögerung des Fahrzeugs zu bewirken, bei der kinetische Energie des Fahrzeugs in elektrische Energie gewandelt wird. Die Steuereinheit ist eingerichtet, eine gewünschte Höhe der Rekuperations-Verzögerung zu ermitteln und eine mögliche Höhe der Rekuperations-Verzögerung zu ermitteln. Desweiteren ist die Steuereinheit eingerichtet, eine Ausgabe von Informationen bzgl. der gewünschten Höhe und der möglichen Höhe der Rekuperations-Verzögerung zu veranlassen.
id-JPWO2015151262A1    abstract-電動二輪車１０の電動システム３０は、電池３２を含む。電池３２によって第１電動モータ４４および第２電動モータ５２が駆動される。第１電動モータ４４の第１回転子４６と第１出力軸５０との間に第１伝動部が設けられ、第２電動モータ５２の第２回転子５４と第２出力軸６２との間に第２伝動部が設けられる。第１電動モータ４４と第２電動モータ５２とが接続部によって電気的に接続される。第１伝動部は、第１回転子４６と第１出力軸５０とが双方向に連動するように構成され、第２伝動部は、ワンウェイクラッチ５６を含み、第２出力軸６２からの駆動力を第２回転子５４に伝達することなく、第２回転子５４からの駆動力を第２出力軸６２に伝達するように構成される。
id-DE102014005982A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Fahrzeug (1) mit wenigstens einer elektrischen Antriebsmaschine (2) und einer elektrischen Energiespeichereinrichtung (6) sowie einem wasserstoffkonsumierenden Antriebsaggregat, zur Bereitstellung von elektrischer oder mechanischer Antriebsleistung. Das erfindungsgemäße Fahrzeug ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass in elektrischer Verbindung zumindest mit der Antriebsmaschine (2) ein Elektrolyseur (20) zur Erzeugung von Wasserstoff angeordnet ist. Ein erfindungsgemäßes Verfahren speichert Rekuperationsenergie solange wie möglich in der elektrischen Energiespeichereinrichtung (6) und leitet darüber hinaus anfallende elektrische Leistung dem Elektrolyseur (20) zu.
id-US20150291037A1    abstract-A number of variations may include a motor/energy generator and energy storage device combination.
id-US20150291138A1    abstract-Exemplary illustrations of a method are disclosed, including determining a baseline gradient and an increased gradient for a brake application force for a vehicle. Exemplary methods may further include actuating the baseline gradient in response to a first braking event for the vehicle, and actuating the increased gradient in response to a second braking event for the vehicle. Exemplary illustrations of a vehicle may include a braking system configured to apply braking force to at least one wheel of the vehicle, and a controller. The controller may be configured to determine a baseline gradient and an increased gradient for a brake application force for a vehicle. The controller may be configured to actuate the baseline gradient in response to a first braking event for the vehicle, and actuate the increased gradient in response to a second braking event for the vehicle.
id-KR20150124416A    abstract-본 발명은 버스, 트럭, 산업설비 등에 설치되어 고속구간에서는 제동력 및 회생전력을 발생하고 저속구간에서는 차량의 배터리로부터 전력을 공급 받아 제동성능을 향상시킬 수 있는 회생 제동 장치에 관한 것으로, 복수의 자기 코일과 커패시터로 이루어진 공진회로부가 구비된 고정자와, 상기 고정자에 대해 회전 운동이 이루어지는 환형의 스틸 회전체를 포함하여 상기 공진회로부에 인가되는 전원을 제어하여 상기 스틸 회전체에 발생되는 와전류에 의해 상기 스틸 회전체의 제동력을 발생시키는 것으로써, 배터리(110)와; 상기 배터리(110)에서 공진회로부(10)로 인가되는 전원을 단속하여 스틸 회전체의 토크 제어가 이루어지는 제1스위칭부(120)와; 작동신호에 따라서 상기 배터리(110)의 전원을 공진회로부(10)로 공급하거나 상기 공진회로부(10)에서 발생된 전원을 배터리(110)로 공급하여 배터리(110)를 충전하게 되는 제어회로부(130)(140)와; 상기 제1스위칭부(120)와 상기 제어회로부(130)(140)의 각 작동신호를 발생시키는 제어기(200);를 포함한다.
id-KR20150123358A    abstract-본 발명은 회생제동 협조제어 기능을 갖는 전자식 주차 브레이크를 개시한다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 회생제동 협조제어 기능을 갖는 전자식 주차 브레이크는 차량의 구동휠에 구비되고, 작동유체의 유출입이 가능한 휠실린더가 형성된 캘리퍼; 상기 캘리퍼의 내측에 위치되어 차량의 구동휠과 함께 회전하는 디스크의 일 측과 마찰에 의해 제동력을 발생시키는 마찰패드; 상기 휠실린더에 위치되어 진퇴에 의해 상기 마찰 패드를 상기 디스크에 선택적으로 압착하며, 일 측에 볼너트가 고정 형성된 피스톤; 상기 피스톤의 볼너트와 연결되는 볼스크류; 상기 캘리퍼의 외측에 위치되고 상기 볼스크류와 연결되는 감속기; 및 상기 캘리퍼의 외측에 위치되어 상기 감속기와 연동되고, 회생제동 모드 시, 상기 피스톤을 작동유체의 압력에 의한 압착방향과 반대방향으로 이동되도록 상기 감속기를 통해 상기 볼스크류를 회전시키는 전자식 주차 브레이크 모터(EPBM: Electric Parking Brake Motor);를 포함한다.
id-WO2015152405A1    abstract-実施形態の電源システムは、二次電池と、制御部とを持つ。制御部は、前記二次電池の温度が所定温度未満である場合、前記二次電池の電圧が上限電圧と下限電圧の間に収まるように制御する。
id-DE102014207871A1    abstract-Das erfindungsgemäße Verfahren weist während eines Verzögerungsbetriebs in einem Kraftfahrzeug mit einem elektrischen Antriebsmotor und mit einer hydraulischen Bremsanlage folgende Schritte auf: In einem ersten Schritt wird das erforderliche Soll-Rad-Bremsmoment zunächst ausschließlich oder zumindest teilweise durch ein rekuperatives Bremsmoment des elektrischen Antriebsmotors gestellt. In einem zweiten Schritt wird dann (im eingeschwungenen Zustand) die Ist-Fahrzeugbeschleunigung (erste Ist-Fahrzeugbeschleunigung) ermittelt. In einem dritten Schritt wird unmittelbar anschließend – vorzugsweise möglichst innerhalb eines relativ kurzen Zeitfensters – das Soll-Rad-Bremsmoment ausschließlich oder zumindest teilweise (dabei muss der Anteil der rekuperativen Bremsung geringer als im ersten Schritt sein) durch einen vorgegebenen Radbremsdruck in der hydraulischen Bremsanlage gestellt. In einem vierten Schritt wird dann erneut (im eingeschwungenen Zustand) die Ist-Fahrzeugbeschleunigung (zweite Ist-Fahrzeugbeschleunigung) ermittelt. In einem letzten Schritt werden die Differenzen zwischen den Ist-Fahrzeugbeschleunigungen zumindest gemäß den Ergebnissen des zweiten und vierten Schrittes ermittelt und vorzugsweise davon abhängig eine Korrektur zur zukünftigen Einstellung des Soll-Rad-Bremsmomentes vorgenommen.
id-KR20150121445A    abstract-본 발명은 밧데리 자동차의 감속제동시 소멸되는 운동에너지를 전기에너지로 변환 충전하여 재활용하는 발전장치에 관한 것으로, 그 구성은 회전을 차량의 바퀴로 전달하는 샤프트가 내부에 관통하며, 차량의 스톱스위치와 전기적으로 연결되어 차량의 감속제동시 상기 샤프트로부터 회전을 제공받도록 하는 전기식 클러치;와, 상기 전기식 클러치로부터 회전을 공급받아 회전되되, 기어변속을 통해 소정의 회전을 제공하도록 하는 자동 변속기어박스;와, 상기 자동 변속기어박스로부터 회전을 공급받아 회전되어 전기를 생성하는 저전압 발전기;와, 상기 발전기와 전기적으로 연결되어 상기 발전기에서 생성되는 전기가 차량의 배터리에 저장되도록 하는 충전기;로 된 것을 특징으로 하는 것으로서, 장치의 구성을 간소화하여 설치공간의 제약이 없을 뿐만 아니라, 자동차의 감속시 감속장치의 작동과 동시에 발전이 이루어지므로, 운행하는 자동차의 감속을 수행하는 감속장치를 도와 감속장치의 에너지 소모를 절감하는 동시에 발전하여 소멸하는 운동에너지를 전기에너지로 변환하여 배터리에 충전하여 재사용할 수 있도록 하는 효과가 있다. 또한, 자동차의 감속시 발전의 효율적인 저속 내지 고속 RPM의 회전이 발전기로 공급되도록 차량의 운행속도에 따라 회전 RPM을 적합하게 변속하여 발전기로 공급하는 자동 변속기어박스를 포함하므로, 차량이 저속 또는 고속으로 운행되더라도 발전의 적합한 회전이 발전기로 공급되어 효율적인 발전이 이루어짐은 물론이며, 발전기로 과잉회전 공급으로 인해 발전효율이 저하되거나 장치가 파손되는 경우를 예방할 수 있는 효과가 있다.
id-US10358047B2    abstract-An electric power storage system for a vehicle includes a temperature sensor configured to detect a temperature of a battery, a battery heater, a charger connectable with an external power supply and configured to deliver external power to the battery and the battery heater, and a controller. In the system, a first electric power is supplied to the battery heater when the state of charge of the battery is larger than a predetermined value and the temperature of the battery is equal to or lower than the predetermined temperature, and a second electric power is supplied to the battery heater when the state of charge of the battery is equal to or smaller than the predetermined value and the temperature of the battery is equal to or lower than the predetermined temperature. The first electric power is smaller than the second electric power.
id-US9616757B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for controlling regenerative braking of a vehicle are provided. The method of controlling regenerative braking of a vehicle includes: receiving information regarding the scheduled driving route from a path information providing device, estimating a regenerable segment based on the information regarding the scheduled driving route and calculating a regenerable energy amount based on the regenerable segment, calculating a dischargeable energy amount based on the regenerable energy amount and setting a dischargeable segment and a discharge control amount based on the dischargeable energy amount, controlling discharge of a battery based on the discharge control amount at the dischargeable segment and measuring an actually discharged actual discharge energy amount; and controlling regenerative braking of a battery based on a regeneration control amount at the regenerable segment and measuring actually regenerated entire regeneration energy amount.
id-RU2592468C1    abstract-Изобретение относится к транспортным средствам. Устройство управления подачей энергии, установленное на транспортном средстве, содержит: генератор, приводимый в действие двигателем; первый и второй аккумуляторы, соединенные параллельно с генератором; SOC-датчик состояния заряда первого аккумулятора и контроллер заряда. Контроллер управляет зарядкой первого аккумулятора посредством генератора на основе рекуперативной предсказываемой величины, оцениваемой согласно информации о состоянии транспортного средства, когда SOC первого аккумулятора больше определенного порогового значения. Выполняется управление зарядом независимо от рекуперативной предсказываемой величины, когда SOC первого аккумулятора меньше определенного порогового значения. Контроллер получает избыточную величину заряда второго аккумулятора и, когда она больше недостающей величины заряда первого аккумулятора, управляет зарядом на основе рекуперативной предсказываемой величины, несмотря на то, что SOC первого аккумулятора меньше порогового значения. Снижается расход топлива и увеличивается срок службы аккумулятора. 3 з.п. ф-лы, 3 ил.
id-JP6303812B2    abstract-
id-US10115247B2    abstract-A method is provided for controlling charging of an electric energy storage system in a vehicle including an electric machine which is arranged for propulsion of the vehicle. The method includes initiating the charging upon connection of the energy storage system to an external power supply via a first connector element associated with the vehicle and a second connector element associated with the external power supply, and monitoring a contact resistance defined by the connection of the connector elements. Furthermore, the method includes measuring and calculating the power loss over the connector elements during the charging, and generating an error signal if the power loss is higher than a predetermined threshold value, the error signal being dependent on the magnitude of the power loss. An arrangement for controlling charging of an electric energy storage system in a vehicle is also provided.
id-CN105098271B    abstract-一种用于给插入式电动车辆中的蓄电池充电的系统和方法。在示例性实施例中，本发明方法使用充电属性和计划的出发时间来形成用于插入式电动车辆的充电方案，其平衡蓄电池寿命和电成本。充电方案试图减少在计划的出发时间之前蓄电池保持在升高的充电状态(SOC)水平的时间量，但又满足使用者建立的电费率偏好。减少的在升高的SOC水平处花费的时间从长期来看可通过提高蓄电池的容量和性能而改善蓄电池寿命。
id-CN204179737U    abstract-本实用新型公开了一种供电装置，包括公共的直流母线(5)、与所述公共的直流母线(5)连接的第一三相逆变器(2)、分别与所述第一三相逆变器(2)的每一相对应连接的发电单元(3)以及第一储能单元(4a)和第二储能单元(4b)。实施本实用新型的有益效果是：1.第一三相逆变器的每一相均可实现单向升压或双向升降压型直流-直流转换器的功能，在整个供电装置中只需要使用一台逆变器作为功率电子器件即可，无需安装独立的直流-直流转换器，节约了成本；2.基于前述多个直流-直流转换器，可以大幅度扩展工作范围，不仅是极大地降低了对供电电压的要求，而且可任意选择各种能量型和功率型的储能单元进行组合应用，有利于系统优化。
id-US20150336523A1    abstract-A vehicle power supply apparatus includes: a switching element; a DC-DC converter; and a control unit. During an idling stop, the control unit turns on the switching element, and controls the DC-DC converter to discharge electricity from an electricity storage unit to supply electric power to loads, and when the voltage of the electricity storage unit decreases to a predetermined value, the control unit stops discharging to hold electric power of the electricity storage unit, continuously maintains the switching element ON to supply electric power to the loads, and transmits a signal indicating that the idling stop can be continuously maintained. When the idling stop ends and an engine is re-started, the control unit turns off the switching element, and controls the DC-DC converter to discharge electricity from the electricity storage unit to supply remaining electric power of the electricity storage unit to a second load.
id-US20150336474A1    abstract-A vehicle power supply apparatus includes: a switching element; a DC-DC converter; and a control unit. When a vehicle is travelling, and a generator does not generate electricity, if a voltage of an electricity storage unit is greater than a predetermined value, the control unit turns on the switching element, and controls driving of the DC-DC converter such that the electricity storage unit discharges electricity to supply electric power of the electricity storage unit to loads, and even if the voltage of the electricity storage unit decreases to the predetermined value, as long as the vehicle speed is greater than or equal to a threshold value, the control unit turns on the switching element, and controls the driving of the DC-DC converter such that the electricity storage unit discharges electricity to supply the electric power of the electricity storage unit to the loads.
id-KR101558772B1    abstract-본 발명은 하이브리드 자동차나 순수 전기자동차와 같은 친환경 자동차에서 추돌 사고의 위험을 줄이면서 차량의 연비 향상에 기여할 수 있는 회생제동량 가변 제어 장치 및 방법에 관한 것으로, 특히 운전자가 가속 페달 및 제동 페달에서 모두 발을 떼고 주행하는 타행 운전 시 전방차량과의 상대거리 및 상대속도 등을 고려하여 회생제동량을 가변 제어하는 친환경 자동차의 회생제동량 가변 제어 장치 및 방법을 제공하는데 그 목적이 있다.
id-CN105083241B    abstract-本发明涉及控制车辆制动系统中的制动偏向的方法。提供了控制具有摩擦和再生制动装置的车辆制动系统中的整体制动偏向的方法和系统。该方法包括接收制动偏向指令并根据该制动偏向指令确定期望制动偏向。该方法进一步地包括通过一个或多个再生制动装置的操作改变车辆制动系统中的制动偏向以获得该期望制动偏向。该系统包括一个或多个再生制动装置，每个都配置成施加负扭矩给车辆的第一轮轴或第二轮轴中的一个；和配置成执行上述方法的电子模块，例如，电子制动控制模块（EBCM）。
id-US20150321564A1    abstract-A method and an apparatus for controlling regenerative braking of a hybrid electric vehicle are provided and that adjust a regenerative braking torque by classifying as at least two or more regenerative braking modes and applying different regenerative braking slopes to each mode. The apparatus includes a motor controller that is configured to adjust a driving torque of a motor and a brake controller that is configured to adjust hydraulic pressure supplied to a brake cylinder of a wheel by calculating a braking torque. A hybrid controller is configured to adjust a regenerative braking torque by classifying as at least two or more regenerative braking modes and applying different regenerative braking slopes based on each mode.
id-WO2015172924A1    abstract-Vorrichtung zum Ansteuern eines Energiespeichers, umfassend zumindest einen ersten Energiespeicher (20) und einen zweiten Energiespeicher (28), einen Gleichspannungswandler (16), eine Steuereinheit (14), sowie eine elektrische Maschine (30), dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass die Steuereinheit (14) zur Ansteuerung der elektrischen Maschine (30) und/oder des Gleichspannungswandler (16) ausgebildet ist in der Weise, dass während einer Rekuperationsphase der elektrische Maschine (30) ein Ladezustand (SOC) des ersten Energiespeichers beeinflussbar ist in Abhängigkeit von einem Ladezustand des zweiten Energiespeichers (28).
id-CN105098270A    abstract-示例方法包括有意地预充电电动车辆的动力传动系统不同于预充电的第二时间段的第一时间段。示例电动车辆总成包括在断开状态和闭合状态之间可来回转变的预充电接触器，第一主接触器、第二主接触器以及控制器，该控制器配置为在预充电接触器已经闭合不同于预充电的第二时间段的第一时间段之后有选择地闭合第二主接触器。
id-KR20150134532A    abstract-차량의 제동 성능을 개선시키는 회생 제동 제어 방법이 개시된다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 회생 제동 제어 방법은 각각의 차량 감지부의 신호를 수신하는 전자제어유닛에 의해 회생 제동을 제어하는 회생 제동 제어 방법에 있어서, 전자제어유닛은 외부 온도와 차량의 온도를 측정하여 외부 온도와 차량 온도의 온도차를 산출하고, 상기 전자제어유닛은 산출된 온도차를 미리 설정된 임계값과 비교하여 회생 제동 금지 여부를 판단한다.
id-US20150328992A1    abstract-A method of braking a machine having an electric retarding system and a friction brake system is disclosed. The method includes determining a desired retarding torque based at least in part on an operator input. The method further includes determining a maximum retarding torque of the electric retarding system based at least in part on a maximum grid fan speed. The maximum grid fan speed is predetermined according to a noise requirement of the machine. The method also includes actuating the electric retarding system to supply an output torque based on the desired retarding torque and the maximum retarding torque. The method includes actuating the friction brake system to supply a friction braking torque if the output torque is lesser than the desired retarding torque.
id-US20150346696A1    abstract-An example method includes operating an electric machine to produce a torque output and a non-torque output. The method maintains the torque output and intentionally increases the non-torque output to produce a desired condition in an electric vehicle.
id-CN106458039B    abstract-一种电源控制装置(100)具有：选择设备，用于从其中每一个构成预定臂元件的至少两个开关元件选择一个开关元件，当电力转换器(33)执行与第一和第二蓄电装置(31，32)中的任一个蓄电装置的电力转换时，预定臂元件的开关状态应被改变为执行电力转换；以及控制设备，用于控制电力转换器以改变所选择的一个开关元件的开关状态，同时保持另一个开关元件的开关状态处于导通状态，选择设备重新选择一个开关元件以减少其中每一个构成预定臂元件的至少两个开关元件的温度之间的差。
id-KR20150137853A    abstract-본 발명은 공간 활용을 극대화하여 경량화한 전기차에 견인형 전력공급장치를 결합하여 운행거리를 증대시킴으로써, 사용자의 생활패턴에 맞춰 유연하게 활용할 수 있는 전기자동차에 관한 것이다. 또한, 본 발명은 소형의 이차전지를 장착함으로써, 공간 활용도를 극대화하고 차량의 공차 중량을 감소시켜 일충전운행거리를 증가시킬 수 있는 전기자동차에 관한 것이다.  일례로, 이차전지로 구동하는 차량; 및 상기 차량에 연결되며, 연료전지를 구비하여 상기 차량에 전력을 공급하는 전력공급장치를 포함하고, 상기 전력공급장치는 상기 차량에 결합 및 분리가 가능한 것을 특징으로 하는 전기자동차를 개시한다.
id-KR20150126531A    abstract-열차의 내부에 위치한 단말에 무선 전력을 전송하는 전력 전송 장치가 개시된다.  그 장치는, 상기 단말의 타겟 공진기와의 상호 공진을 통해 상기 타겟 공진기로 무선 전력을 전송하는 소스 공진기와, 상기 단말의 요구 전력 레벨 및 주파수에 따라, 상기 무선 전력을 조절하는 전력 조절부와, 상기 열차에서 발생하는 재생 에너지를 상기 소스 공진기에 공급하는 전력 공급부를 포함한다.
id-KR101958798B1    abstract-차량 제어 장치 및 그 제어 방법이 개시된다. 본 발명의 실시 예에 따른 차량 제어 장치 및 그 제어 방법은 현재 모터의 동작 정보를 감지하는 감지부; 감지한 현재 모터의 동작 정보가 이미 설정된 기준 모터의 동작 정보가 아닌 제 1 상태인지를 판단하는 판단부; 및 현재 모터의 동작 정보를 공급받고, 제 1 상태인지를 판단하도록 판단부에 판단 명령을 전달하며, 제 1 상태이면 회생 제동 제어 진입을 금지하도록 회생 제동 장치에 금지 명령을 전달하는 제어부를 포함하는 차량 제어 장치 및 그 제어 방법을 포함한다.
id-EP3163710B1    abstract-
id-US10784498B2    abstract-A positive electrode contains a first active material and a second active material. The first active material and the second active material each contain a lithium composite oxide containing at least manganese (Mn), nickel (Ni), and cobalt (Co) as transition metals. The first active material has a particulate shape. An average porosity V1 in a particle of the first active material satisfies 10[%]≤V1≤30[%]. An average particle diameter D1 of the first active material satisfies 6 [μm]≤D1≤20 [μm]. The second active material has a particulate shape. An average porosity V2 in a particle of the second active material satisfies 0[%]≤V2≤10[%]. An average particle diameter D2 of the second active material satisfies 1 [μm]≤D2≤6 [μm].
id-US9643611B2    abstract-A control signal output unit (a drive control unit) executes control to retain a gear position corresponding to a motor generator during deceleration of a vehicle and regeneration executed by the motor generator.
id-US20170063218A1    abstract-There is provided a power converter which can suppress a surge voltage and reduce noise flowing from an input of a power changer.      The power converter includes an inverter circuit  140,  a capacitor  514  for smoothing DC power, a capacitor  515  for removing noise, and conductors  564   p  and  564   n.  The conductors  564   p  and  564   n  are connected to the capacitors  514  and  515  when power side terminals  562   p  and  562   n  are connected to an inverter circuit  140,  and power source side terminals  561   p  and  561   n  are connected to a battery  136.  In the conductors  564   p  and  564   n , a parasitic inductance L 1  between capacitor terminals  563   p  and  563   n  and capacitor terminals  560   p  and  560   n  is larger than a parasitic inductance L 2  between capacitor terminals  563   p  and  563   n  and the power side terminals  562   p  and  562   n.
id-EP3154815A4    abstract-
id-US20150372624A1    abstract-An electric motor control system includes an inverter, an element temperature observation data acquiring device, a rotational speed upper limit setting device, and a rotational speed limiter. The inverter includes switching elements. The element temperature observation data acquiring device is configured to acquire element temperature observation data indicating an observation value of a temperature of the switching elements of the inverter. The rotational speed upper limit setting device is configured to set a rotational speed upper limit of an electric motor in accordance with the observation value of the temperature of the switching elements so as to satisfy a first condition that a voltage applicable to the switching elements in a case where the electric motor is operated at the rotational speed upper limit is lower than or equal to a withstand voltage of the switching elements.
id-US20170137031A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus is a vehicle control apparatus controlling a vehicle and provided with a regenerative device generating electric power while applying a regenerative braking force by performing regenerative electric power generation, an electric power supply capable of exchanging electric power with the regenerative device, and a hydraulic device applying a hydraulic braking force attributable to a hydraulic pressure, and is provided with an electronic control device controlling the regenerative device and the hydraulic device so as to adjust the ratios of the regenerative braking force and the hydraulic braking force to a required braking force required for the braking of the vehicle based on an input electric power value input into the electric power supply.
id-DE102014108083B4    abstract-Bremsregelverfahren für ein Fahrzeug (116) mit wenigstens einem Fahrzeugrad (118, 207) und einem ersten Bremsaktuator (102, 208, 218, 220, 228, 236, 238) sowie wenigstens einem weiteren Bremsaktuator (102, 212, 214, 216, 224, 226, 232, 234) zum Bremsen des wenigstens einen Fahrzeugrads (118, 207), wobei an dem wenigstens einen Fahrzeugrad (118, 207) funktional kombiniert sowohl eine Schlupfregelung (112) als auch eine Momentaufteilung (110) zwischen dem ersten Bremsaktuator (102, 208, 218, 220, 228, 236, 238) und dem wenigstens einen weiteren Bremsaktuator (102, 212, 214, 216, 224, 226, 232, 234) durchgeführt wird, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass die Schlupfregelung (112) und die Momentaufteilung (110) mithilfe eines modellprädiktiven Reglers (108) durchgeführt wird und Dynamiken und/oder Bremskraftbeschränkungen sowohl des ersten Bremsaktuators (102, 208, 218, 220, 228, 236, 238) als auch des wenigstens einen weiteren Bremsaktuators (102, 212, 214, 216, 224, 226, 232, 234) berücksichtigt werden.
id-CN105313704A    abstract-用于计算环保型车辆的再生制动的量的方法包括：确定再生制动的存在；在环保型车辆再生制动的时候，确定充电是否因环保型车辆的包括电池和驱动电动机的高电压部件而受限；在环保型车辆再生制动的时候，在充电受限的状态下，根据充电受限计算驱动电动机的基本速度并且基于所计算的基本速度来划分稳定转矩区域和稳定功率区域，基本速度即为基本rpm；以及基于所划分的稳定转矩区域或稳定转矩区域来确定驱动电动机的操作模式是稳定功率模式、稳定转矩模式、或是转换模式，并基于所确定的结果来计算再生制动的量。
id-DE102014211853A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung schafft einen bidirektionalen Spannungskonverter. Der Spannungskonverter umfasst mindestens vier Betriebsmodi zur Konvertierung einer Gleichspannung in eine Spannung zur Ansteuerung einer elektrischen Maschine bzw. zur Konvertierung einer Generatorspannung in eine Gleichspannung. Die jeweilige konvertierte Spannung wird dabei geglättet und mit deutlich verringertem Störanteil bereitgestellt als bei konventionellen Stromstellern. Der Schaltungsaufbau ermöglicht insbesondere einen Betrieb mit hohen Schaltfrequenzen. Somit kann die Schaltfrequenz auf einem Bereich jenseits des menschlichen Hörbereiches verlagert werden. Darüber hinaus ermöglichen hohe Schaltfrequenzen auch eine Reduktion des Gewichts und des erforderlichen Bauraums für den Spannungskonverter.
id-JP2018122854A    abstract-【課題】ジェネレータブレーキトルクが、ＡＢＳ制御中においても高いレベルに維持され、ＡＢＳ制御のために標準的な液圧式のホイール制御機能が実施可能な回生ブレーキシステムの提供。 【解決手段】回生ブレーキシステムのための制御装置であって電子制御回路を有し、回生ブレーキシステムを備えた車両のジェネレータ式に制動可能なホイールに回生ブレーキシステムの電動機を用いてそれぞれ作用させようとする目標ジェネレータブレーキトルクに関連した目標値Ｍｆｉｎａｌを規定し、目標値Ｍｆｉｎａｌに対応する制御信号が電動機にアウトプット可能である形式のものに関し、ホイールにおいてそれぞれ発生する摩擦値ｆｒ１，ｆｒ２に関連した第１の値ｆｒ１，ｆｒ２を考慮して、ホイールに作用させようとする液圧式の最小ブレーキトルクＭｈｙｄに関連したプリセット値を規定し、規定されたプリセット値Ｍｈｙｄを考慮して、目標値Ｍｆｉｎａｌを規定する。 【選択図】図１
id-CN105409100B    abstract-提供能实现小型、紧凑化、且能增大变速比的发电装置。在具备作为驱动轮的前轮及作为被驱动轮的后轮(13)的车辆的发电装置(20)中，与太阳齿轮(38)同心地配置环状的内齿轮(37)、并且在内齿轮(37)和太阳齿轮(38)之间的环状空间内插装了多个中间齿轮(36)的作为输入侧齿轮机构的齿轮机构(30A)，经由使轴心与作为后轮(13)的旋转轴的杯状接头(51)的轴心一致的作为支承轴的筒部件(22)而被固定在车辆上，齿轮机构(30A)的内齿轮(37)形成为与后轮(13)一体地旋转自如，贯穿筒部件(22)的输出轴(52)被固定在太阳齿轮(38)上，在输出轴(52)上设有发电机(53)。
id-CN105313705A    abstract-本发明提供一种用于控制驱动电动机的方法和系统。该方法包括通过检测制动踏板的制动踏板踩踏量，并基于所检测的制动踏板踩踏量计算制动踏板的踩踏速率，来确定车辆是否处于突发制动事件。此外，当确定车辆处于突发制动事件时，操作驱动电动机来减小再生制动转矩。
id-KR20160003966A    abstract-본 발명은 무선충전식 모노레일 시스템에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는 모노레일 위를 주행하는 차량이 정차중에 충전하거나 모노레일 순환노선을 운행한 후에 회생제동과 무선충전을 이용하여 배터리를 충전하는 무선충전식 모노레일 시스템에 관한 것이다. 본 발명에 의하면, 회생제동과 무선충전을 이용하여 모노레일 배터리를 충전하는 방식이므로 기존 방식의 배터리 충전시간과 배터리 용량을 줄여서 운행 가능한 방식으로 경제성을 확보할 수 있는 효과가 있다.
id-KR101526430B1    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 회생제동 제어장치에 관한 것으로, 구체적으로 배터리의 회생제동 후 남은 잉여 에너지를 이용하여 배터리의 온도를 상승시킬 수 있는 차량의 회생제동 제어장치 및 제어방법에 관한 것이다. 이를 위해, 본 발명에 일 실시예에 따른 회생제동 제어 장치는 동력원인 모터, 상기 모터에 구동전압을 제공하고, 다수개의 셀로 구성된 배터리, 상기 배터리를 가열하여 상기 배터리의 온도를 상승시키는 배터리 승온 장치, 상기 모터의 구동 및 토크를 제어하는 전력 제어기, 상기 배터리의 SOC(State Of Charge)를 관리하는 배터리 관리기 및 차량 상태에 따라 네트워크를 통해 상기 전력 제어기 및 배터리 관리기를 통합 제어하는 차량 제어기를 포함하되, 상기 차량 제어기는 회생제동 시 상기 배터리의 충전이 가능한지를 판단하고, 상기 배터리의 충전이 불가능한 경우 잉여 에너지를 상기 배터리 승온 장치로 공급하도록 상기 전력 제어기를 제어한다.
id-KR101549788B1    abstract-본 발명은 자동문(10)의 개폐와 제동을 수행하는 장치에 관련되며, 그 구성의 특징으로서 상기 모터(20)를 구동하도록 작동전원을 생성하여 인가하고, 상용전원으로 작동전원을 생성하는 메인SMPS(31)와, 일정시간 센서(41)(42)로부터 입력이 없을 때 작동전원을 생성하는 보조SMPS(32)와, 배터리 전압이 일정전압 이상일 때 작동전원을 생성하는 배터리(35)를 구비하는 전원수단(30); 및 상기 자동문(10)의 개폐 과정에서 설정된 알고리즘으로 회생제동의 프로그램을 수행하고, 통행자의 접근을 검출하는 적외선센서(41)와, 자동문(10)의 개방된 위치를 검출하는 위치센서(42)와, 모터(20)와 전원을 수급하도록 연결되는 모터구동부(46)와, 자동문개폐 서브루틴과 회생제동 서브루틴을 연계하여 수행하고 배터리(35)의 저전압을 검출하는 제어부(48)와, 모터(20)의 제동시 발생되는 회생제동 전압을 검출하고 이를 배터리(35)에 저장 여부를 결정하는 회생제어부(49)를 구비하는 제어수단(40);을 포함하여 이루어지되, 상기 제어부(48)의 회생제동 서브루틴은 개폐되는 자동문(10)의 감속 과정에서 모터(20)의 역기전력 에너지를 배터리(35)로 저장하고, 폐쇄되는 자동문(10)의 감속 과정에서 통행자의 접근을 검출하면 회생제동 서브루틴을 중단하고 자동문(10)을 개방하는 것을 특징으로 한다. 이에 따라, 본 발명은 각종 건물의 도어를 자동으로 개폐하는 분야에 적용하여 작동 신뢰성과 안전성을 유지하면서 대규모 전력 소비처인 건물에 대한 전기 에너지 절약을 유도하는 효과가 있다.
id-EP2957745A1    abstract-An electrolyzer converts brackish water to hydrogen and oxygen which are utilized in the multiple cylinder IC engine to reduce the amount of diesel utilized in the power plant. This improves emissions and reduces energy cost of operating the engine. Storage tanks for the oxygen and hydrogen are embedded in the diesel fuel tank to provide dual-walled protection for enhanced security and safety in transporting and storing the hydrogen. Possible energy sources for powering the electrolyzer include third rail technology, multiple unit (MU) jumper cables attached to power sources in refueling stations, a solar collector array, and traction motors associated with a dynamic brake system for the vehicle.
id-CN105270412B    abstract-提供一种利用动能变化补偿的剩余能量可行驶距离预测。提供一种用于估计车辆的剩余能量可行驶距离DTE的方法。该方法包括控制器，控制器可响应于检测到因在行驶周期期间的车辆加速或减速而导致的车辆动能水平的变化而输出通过预测的DTE里程调节而被修正的DTE，预测的DTE里程调节被选择为包括对应于车辆动能水平的变化并校正车辆动能水平的变化的动能补偿输入。还提供一种电动车辆，具有能量转换装置、能量源、一个或更多个制动系统和至少一个控制器。控制器可被配置为：响应于检测到因在行驶周期期间的车辆加速或减速而导致的车辆动能水平的变化而将DTE输出到界面，DTE基于车辆组件和能量源的状况并通过动能补偿输入进行补偿。
id-US10446887B2    abstract-A battery pack includes a battery cell, a thermal interface material adjacent the battery cell and a heater element integrated with the thermal interface material.
id-KR101526432B1    abstract-본 발명은 휠 축을 기준으로 한 모터 토크를 연산하고, 이를 기초로 회생 제동량을 연산함으로써 시스템 외란에 영향을 받지 않으면서 제동성이 향상된 하이브리드 차량의 회생 제동량 연산 장치 및 방법에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 하이브리드 차량의 회생 제동량 연산 방법은 하이브리드 차량의 회생 제동이 요구되면, 제1 모터 충전 가능 파워를 연산하는 단계; 상기 제1 모터 충전 가능 파워를 이용하여 제2 모터 충전 가능 파워를 연산하는 단계; 상기 제2 모터 충전 가능 파워를 휠 축 토크로 변환하는 단계; 상기 휠 축 토크에 코스팅 토크를 반영하여 회생 제동 가능량을 연산하는 단계; 상기 회생 제동 가능량에 따른 모터 토크 지령을 생성하는 단계; 그리고 상기 모터 토크 지령에 따른 모터 실토크를 모니터링하여 오차 보정한 최종 회생 제동량을 연산하는 단계를 포함할 수 있다.
id-DE102015110801A1    abstract-Ein System zum Anwenden von Rekuperationsbremsen während Bremsen mit hohem Reibungskoeffizienten eines Fahrzeugs umfasst mindestens eine Steuerung; mindestens einen Bremssensor, der eine Schnittstelle mit der mindestens einen Steuerung hat; ein Bremspedal, das eine Schnittstelle mit der mindestens einen Steuerung hat; Fahrzeugreibungsbremsen, die eine Schnittstelle mit der mindestens einen Steuerung haben; und die mindestens eine Steuerung wendet ein Antiblockierbremsmoment auf die Fahrzeugbremsen an und wendet in Reaktion auf einen Eingang von dem mindestens einen Bremssensor gleichzeitig ein Rekuperationsbremsmoment auf den Fahrzeugtriebstrang an. Ein Verfahren zum Anwenden von Rekuperationsbremsen während Bremsen mit hohem Reibungskoeffizienten in einem Fahrzeug wird ebenfalls offenbart.
id-US20160031433A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for controlling a speed change of a hybrid vehicle are provided. The apparatus includes an engine for combustion of fuel to generate power and a motor that is configured to supplement the power from the engine and operate as a generator during braking to generate electrical energy and store the generated electrical energy generated a battery. A transmission is configured to convert the power from the engine to a required torque based on a speed and transmit the power to wheels and is directly connected to the motor. In addition, a controller is configured to operate the transmission to shift in a constant power section of the motor when the motor is performing regenerative braking. The apparatus minimizes the sense of difference felt by a driver by shifting in the constant power section of the motor during the regenerative braking of a hybrid vehicle.
id-WO2016013243A1    abstract-車両の電力管理を、小容量の記憶装置で行う技術を提供する。電動機２０２は蓄電池２０１に蓄電された電力を電力源として駆動される。電力管理システム１００Ａは、電力管理装置１０と走行制御装置４０とを備える。電力管理装置１０は走行制御計画部１と、区間有効道路勾配情報蓄積部２とを備える。区間有効道路勾配情報蓄積部２は、車両Ｂが走行する道路区間の勾配についての情報を含む区間道路勾配情報を記憶する。走行制御計画部１は、区間有効道路勾配情報蓄積部２から読み出した区間有効道路勾配情報Ｑに基づいて、車両が走行するための走行制御計画Ｐを作成する。走行制御装置４０は、走行制御計画Ｐに基づいて車両の走行制御を行う。区間有効道路勾配情報Ｑのうち当該車両の走行において下り勾配となることを示すものは、その勾配が当該車両に依存した所定の勾配よりも急峻なものである。
id-KR20160012088A    abstract-컨트롤러는, 브레이크 개도가 상승하였을 때, 현재의 속도와 브레이크 개도의 상승량에 기초하여, 브레이크 개도의 상승에 따른 메인 배터리의 충전을 행할 때의 입력 추정값을 산출한다.  컨트롤러는, 브레이크 개도의 상승에 따른 메인 배터리의 충전을 행하기 전에, DC/DC 컨버터의 동작을 제어하여, 입력 추정값에 기초하여 산출되는 전류값에 있어서, 보조 기기 배터리를 충전하기 위한 메인 배터리의 방전을 행한다.  이에 의해, 충전시에 발생하는 염 농도의 치우침을, 방전시에 발생하는 염 농도의 치우침에 의해서 상쇄할 수 있어, 메인 배터리를 충전한 후에 있어서, 염 농도의 치우침이 발생하는 것을 억제하고, 메인 배터리의 내부저항값의 상승이 발생하는 것을 억제할 수 있다.
id-KR101641560B1    abstract-본 발명의 일면에 따른 전기자전거의 회생제동 제어장치는 배터리로부터 전원을 공급받으며 모터를 구동하기 위한 위상별 모터 제어신호를 생성 및 출력하는 인버터와, 배터리와 인버터 사이에 위치하여 개폐동작에 따라 모터의 회생제동시 인버터로부터 배터리로의 충전 전류의 흐름을 단속하는 충전 스위치와, 충전 스위치와 병렬 접속되며 인버터로부터 배터리로의 전류 역류를 방지하는 다이오드와, 전기자전거의 페달에 가해지는 토크를 검출하는 PAS 센서와, 전기자전거의 몸체 일측에 구비되어 노면과의 기울기를 측정하는 기울기센서와, 배터리에서 출력되는 배터리 전압을 획득하고 배터리 전압과 토크와 기울기에 기초하여 충전 스위치의 개폐 동작을 제어하는 회생제동제어부를 포함한다.
id-US10003193B2    abstract-A power supply includes a load, an electric power line connected to the load, first and second DC power supplies which supply electric power to the load, an electric power converter connected between the electric power line and the first and the second DC power supplies, and a controller controlling the electric power converter. The first DC power supply serves for a voltage control, while the second DC power supply serves for an electric power control. The controller sets a difference between an electric power requested by the load and target output electric power of the first DC power supply as target output electric power of the second DC power supply, and compensates the target output electric power of the first DC power supply in accordance with a difference between the actual and the target output electric powers of the second DC power supply.
id-DE102014215090A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren (9) zum Bestimmen einer Rekuperation in einem Fahrzeug mit Elektroantrieb (3). Das Verfahren umfasst das Erkennen (90) einer Bewegung (BW1–BW5) eines Körperteils (70) eines Fahrers (7) des Fahrzeugs zum Betätigen eines Gasbedienelements (60) und/oder eines Bremsbedienelements (40) und das Bestimmen (95) einer einzustellenden Rekuperation in Abhängigkeit von der erkannten Bewegung (BW1–BW5) des Körperteils (70) des Fahrers (7).
id-CN106664048B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于确定电机的相电流（I U ，I V ，I W ，I X ，I Y ）的方法，所述电机具有变流器（20）和拥有至少四个相（U，V，W，X，Y）的定子（10），其中变流器（20）对于至少四个相（U，V，W，X，Y）中的每个相都具有拥有上部开关（2）的上部支路和拥有下部开关（3）的下部支路，其中全部上部支路与上部直流电压端子（5）连接并且全部下部支路与下部直流电压端子（6）连接，其中变流器（20）以主动的整流运行来运行，在所述主动的整流运行中，每个上部开关（2）仅在相关的上部开关（2）处的相电压相对于地来说大于上部直流电压端子（5）相对于地的电压期间被闭合，并且其中每个下部开关仅在相关的下部开关（3）处的相电压相对于地来说小于下部直流电压端子（6）相对于地的电压期间被闭合，其中测量全部下部支路中的相支路电流（I LS U，I LS V，I LS W，I LS X，I LS Y），其中从如下数量的相支路电流（I LS U，I LS V，I LS W，I LS X，I LS Y）确定相电流（I U ，I V ，I W ，I X ，I Y ），所述数量大于一且小于所述至少四个相（U，V，W，X，Y）的数量。
id-DE102014214500A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren und eine entsprechende Vorrichtung zur Kopplung bzw. zur Entkopplung einer Batterie und eines Fahrzeugbordnetzes. Es wird eine Steuereinheit (101) zur Steuerung einer Schalteinheit (103) beschrieben, die eingerichtet ist, einen Energiespeicher (102) und ein Bordnetz (100) eines Fahrzeugs zu koppeln bzw. zu entkoppeln. Das Bordnetz (100) umfasst einen Generator (106), der eingerichtet ist, kinetische Energie des Fahrzeugs in elektrische Energie zu rekuperieren. Die Steuereinheit (101) ist eingerichtet, einen Ladezustand (300) des Energiespeichers (102) zu ermitteln, und zu ermitteln, ob der Generator (106) elektrische Energie rekuperiert. Desweiteren ist die Steuereinheit (101) eingerichtet, die Schalteinheit (103) in Abhängigkeit von dem Ladezustand (300) des Energiespeichers (102) und in Abhängigkeit davon, ob der Generator (106) elektrische Energie rekuperiert, anzusteuern.
id-WO2016004964A1    abstract-يتعلق الاختراع الحالي بمحرك سيارة يعمل بالضغط السلبي، حيث يتم تفريغ الخزانات من الضغط الجوي وعند فتح الصمامات يتم الاستفادة من اختلاف وفرق الضغط في سريان الهواء خلال توربينات هوائية مما يعمل على دوراتها والاستفادة من الحركة الدورانية في تسيير السيارة، ويتم التحكم في فتح وغلق الصمامات من خلال المكبس الهيدروليكي.
id-FR3023533A1    abstract-Dispositif pour l'hybridation d'un véhicule semi-remorque. Le dispositif concerne l'hybridation d'un véhicule semi-remorque par l'intégration dans la partie remorque d'un dispositif de récupération d'énergie au freinage et motorisation électrique qui est piloté par des instructions provenant de l'informatique embarqué du véhicule tracteur. Il est constitué de six éléments principaux, à savoir : - Un lecteur des messages CAN de l'informatique embarqué du véhicule tracteur (1). - Une interface CAN → Contrôleur moteur électrique qui traduit les informations CAN en instructions d'accélération ou de freinage régénératif (2). - Deux contrôleurs moteurs (3). - Un modulateur de pression de freinage (4). - Une unité de super-condensateurs (5). - Un essieu monté sur la remorque qui comprend deux moteurs électriques à flux axial montés dos à dos dans un carter au milieu de l'essieu qui transmettent leur force motrice / force de freinage aux roues par le biais d'un arbre de transmission à l'intérieur de l'essieu (6). Le dispositif selon l'invention est particulièrement destiné à faire baisser la consommation de carburant des véhicules semi-remorques et ainsi diminuer les émissions polluantes qui y vont de pair, notamment les particules fines et les oxydes de carbone, de soufre et d'azote tout en préservant la capacité des deux éléments du véhicule semi-remorque hybride de fonctionner avec des véhicules tracteur ou des remorques non-munis de ce dispositif d'hybridation.
id-CN105313866B    abstract-本发明涉及一种具有混合动力驱动的机动车辆，其包括可以由电动机器驱动的至少一个车轮，其中提供了一个恢复装置，该恢复装置准许在制动过程中在恢复阶段恢复能量，其中一个制动系统配备有一个踏板、至少一个主制动缸以及至少一个车轮制动器，该至少一个车轮制动器基于该踏板的移动借助于制动压力来流体性地激活该车轮制动器，其中提供了在该恢复阶段减小制动压力的一个减压阀装置，并且其中提供了用于补偿该减压阀装置的液压效果的一个补偿器，其中在该减压阀装置的有效范围内提供了两个主制动缸，这两个主制动缸的活塞是经由连接元件而彼此刚性地联接的。
id-US20170201165A1    abstract-A three-phase permanent magnet electric motor-generator includes a stator having a plurality of teeth, each provided with a respective electric winding implemented by a conducting wire and with a respective heading polar expansion, divided into groups each one corresponding to a phase, by obtaining at the same time a reduced short-circuit current. The distance between adjacent polar expansions is the minimum one so as to allow the passage of a conducting wire. By identifying a first magnetic circuit comprising two adjacent teeth, the respective rotor and stator yokes, the thicknesses of the respective permanent magnets and the corresponding air gap, and a second magnetic circuit having two adjacent teeth, the respective rotor yokes, the respective halves of the faced polar expansions of said adjacent teeth and the distance between such polar expansions, the magnetic reluctances of the first and second circuit have the same order of magnitude.
id-US10093308B2    abstract-A vehicle electronic stability control system which allows a vehicle to have improved movement performance and limit performance without causing a driver to feel uncomfortable, by actuating electronic stability control from a state where a lateral slip is relatively less likely to occur. The system prevents a skid of a vehicle. The system is provided with a stability determination module that obtains information indicating vehicle behavior from a sensor, and determines whether the vehicle is in an unstable or less stable state, on the basis of the information. The system is further provided with a braking/driving force control module which, when the stability determination module determines that the vehicle is in the unstable or less stable state, applies a braking force to one of the drive wheels, and simultaneously applies a driving force to the motor for the other drive wheel.
id-US20170225742A1    abstract-A bicycle configurable for operating using a speed based control system and scheme or a torque based control system and scheme. A speed sensor or a torque sensor may detect an operating characteristic of the bicycle and a controller may determine whether to operate using a speed based control system and scheme or a torque based control system and scheme based on the operating characteristic. A signal from a speed sensor or a torque sensor may be used for determining the mechanical limits of a CVT range and when to incorporate an electric motor.
id-DE102014225782B4    abstract-System (100) zum Kontrollieren einer Batterie zum Verlängern einer Fahrleistung, umfassend:eine Vielzahl von Batteriemodulen (110);eine Batterieschalteinheit (120), ausgelegt zum parallelen Verbinden der Vielzahl von Batteriemodulen (110) wenn ein Beschleuniger unbeschäftigt ist, und, die Vielzahl von Batteriemodulen (110) in-Serie zu schalten wenn der Beschleuniger beschäftigt ist;dadurch gekennzeichnet, dassdas System ferner eine Motorbetreibereinheit (150), ausgelegt zum Empfangen einer Leistung von der Batterieschalteinheit (120), wenn der Beschleuniger beschäftigt ist, umfasst.
id-US9333877B2    abstract-A method of controlling a creep torque of a vehicle includes: determining whether the vehicle is in a creep driving state based on an accelerator pedal position value; determining whether a vehicle speed is greater than a set vehicle speed; determining at a first time whether a deceleration condition is satisfied when the vehicle speed is greater than the set vehicle speed; when the deceleration condition is satisfied at the first time, storing a first time at which the deceleration condition is satisfied and determining whether a deceleration release condition is satisfied; when it is determined that the deceleration release condition is satisfied, determining at a second time whether the deceleration condition is satisfied; and when it is determined that the deceleration condition is satisfied at the second time, storing the second time at which the deceleration condition is satisfied.
id-US10081350B2    abstract-A vehicle propulsion system includes a plurality of power sources coupled to a final drive of the vehicle propulsion system. A controller is programmed to determine a desired power demand from the power sources and operate a number of the power sources to produce the desired power demand. The controller identifies a least efficient power source of the power sources and controls the least efficient power source to produce power at an optimum operating point of the least efficient power source. The controller also identifies a power output of the least efficient power source corresponding to the optimum operating point, compares the power output of the least efficient power source to the desired power demand, identifies a remaining power demand from the comparison, and controls another power source to produce the remaining power demand.
id-US9669834B2    abstract-A regenerative control device for a hybrid vehicle includes a regenerative braking power control unit prohibiting or limiting execution of first regenerative braking to charge the battery with power generated by the regenerative power generation of the traveling motor generator during deceleration when it is determined that it is necessary to restrict charging of the battery. Under condition where the execution of the first regenerative braking is prohibited or limited, the regenerative braking power control unit causes second regenerative braking to transmit rotary driving power to the engine by rotating the power generation motor generator by the power generated by the regenerative power generation, to be executed when the operation unit is set to a regeneration level in an increasing direction, and causes the second regenerative braking to be stopped when the operation unit is set to a regeneration level in a decreasing direction.
id-JP2020018167A    abstract-【課題】車両推進システムのエネルギー貯蔵システムからＤＣバスへのパワーの供給を制御するための制御システムを提供する。【解決手段】制御システムは、コントローラ６４を含む。コントローラは、牽引モータ４６のリアルタイムの動作速度を特定し、牽引モータ４６のリアルタイムの動作速度をルックアップテーブルに基づく所望の速度と比較し、比較に基づいて、推進システム１０の電圧を変更するように少なくとも１つの電圧コンバータ２６を選択的に制御するようにプログラムされている。【選択図】図１
id-US9371061B2    abstract-A regenerative braking apparatus of a vehicle includes: an engine that supplies power to front wheels of the vehicle; a hybrid starting generator (HSG) that starts the engine; an engine clutch that is disposed between the engine and a transmission and selectively transmits power from the engine to the front wheels; a motor that supplies power to the rear wheels of the vehicle; a battery that stores electrical energy generated by the HSG and the motor; and a controller that generates friction braking torque on the front wheels when necessary braking torque of the front wheels is larger than regenerative braking torque of the front wheels, and that generates friction braking torque on the rear wheels when necessary braking torque of the rear wheels is larger than regenerative braking torque of the rear wheels, in braking of the vehicle.
id-AU2015207963B2    abstract-A system includes an energy management processng unit that incdudes a trp ) planning module. a plurality of estimator modules and an arbiter nodue. The trip planning module plans a trip profile specifing power settings based on trip data including a plurality of parameters having expected values. Each of the estimator nmoduies generates an estimation re-pl request when the difference between an expected and experienced respective tip planning paraneter value exceeds a threshold, The arbiter module receives at least one estimation re-plan request from the plurality of estinator modules determines whether a re-plan is to be perfbmned based on at least one of a state of the vehicle system or additional estnation re-plan requests, and provides an arbitrated re-plan request to the trip planning module for re planning the trip protlae when it is determined that a. re-plan is to be peforned o 04 It (D 00 0) a cn L 0 a . a a E 0) U2) E a /) 0 c) cu Ea >U ) 0 0;) -dL77 LC) a ) cu 0 : Lt - d WU CU 0) 0 _ u Lu (lU LU (N 't co X
id-EP2987693B1    abstract-
id-US11316221B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a battery module that includes a housing having a first protruding shelf along a first perimeter of the housing, a second protruding shelf along a second perimeter of the housing, where the first and second protruding shelves each include an absorptive material configured to absorb a first laser emission. The battery module also includes an electronics compartment cover configured to be coupled to the housing via a first laser weld, and a cell receptacle region cover configured to be coupled to the housing via a second laser weld. The electronics compartment cover has a first transparent material configured to transmit the first laser emission toward the first protruding shelf and the cell receptacle region cover has a second transparent material configured to transmit the first laser emission or a second laser emission toward the second protruding shelf.
id-US9246417B1    abstract-One exemplary aspect of this disclosure relates to a method including the step of controlling a level of regenerative torque to at least partially meet a braking request. The level of regenerative torque is gradually introduced at a controlled rate.
id-US10245956B2    abstract-A discharge control device controls a discharge bypass circuit for discharging a charge in a capacitor provided in a drive device for a motor that rotates wheels of a vehicle at time of a collision of the vehicle. The discharge control device includes a control circuit that makes the discharge bypass circuit start discharge if an induced voltage by the motor surpasses a predetermined threshold.
id-CN106660456A    abstract-本发明的实施方式的铁路系统包括与某电力线电连接的第一车辆以及第二车辆。第一车辆具备：驱动部；逆变器，取得来自电力线的电力并驱动驱动部；蓄电装置，向电力线供给电力或者蓄积来自电力线的电力；以及控制部。控制部根据蓄电装置的电荷蓄积量、第一车辆与第二车辆之间的距离、以及电力线的电压值中的任意一者的检测值，对蓄电装置可否充电或者放电进行控制。若以将蓄电装置的充电或者放电从许可状态切换到禁止状态时的检测值作为第一设定值，且以将蓄电装置的充电或者放电从禁止状态切换到许可状态时的检测值作为第二设定值，则第一设定值与所述第二设定值不相同。
id-US20160052521A1    abstract-A method and an apparatus are provided for distributing a braking force to braking units upon braking of an eco-friendly vehicle equipped with a motor. The distribution of a braking force of a vehicle includes a creep torque to calculate a total braking force and distribute the total braking force to each braking unit to provide a more uniform braking force based on a vehicle speed.
id-CN105383279A    abstract-一种动力传动系统，包括多链路动力分配电力系统，包括第一和第二电机。该第一电机机械可旋转地联接到驱动轮，第二电机机械可旋转地联接到内燃机。该第一电机串联电连接在第一和第二逆变器之间。该第一逆变器电连接到第一高压直流电力总线，第二逆变器电连接到第二高压直流电力总线。该第二电机电连接到第三逆变器，该第三逆变器电连接到第二高压直流电力总线。
id-KR20160026430A    abstract-본 발명은, 회생 제동량 가변 방법 및 시스템에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는, 차량에 설치된 센서를 이용하여 승객 탑승 여부 또는 탑승 인원을 감지하고, 상기 승객 탑승 여부 또는 탑승 인원에 따라 추가 회생제동 가능량을 연산하여 차량의 회생제동 허용량에 더하여 줌으로써, 전기 모터를 동력원으로 사용하는 차량 등의 회생 제동량을 증대시키는 회생 제동량 가변 방법 및 시스템에 관한 것이다. 본 발명에 의한 회생 제동량 가변 방법의 제 1 실시 예는, 차량에 설치된 센서가 차량의 무게 변화 또는 차량 시트에 가해지는 압력 변화를 감지하는 승객 감지단계; 상기 감지된 무게 변화 또는 압력 변화에 따라 승객 탑승 여부를 판단하거나 탑승 인원을 계산하고, 상기 승객 탑승 여부 또는 탑승 인원에 따라 추가 회생제동 가능량을 연산하는 회생제동 가능량 연산단계; 총 제동량에서 회생제동 허용량 및 마찰 제동량을 연산하는 회생제동 허용량 연산단계; 상기 회생제동 허용량에 상기 추가 회생제동 가능량을 더하여 최종 회생제동 허용량을 연산하는 최종 회생제동 허용량 연산단계; 상기 최종 회생제동 허용량에 따라 회생제동 모터 토크 출력값을 제어하는 모터 토크 제어단계; 및 차량 도어가 열리거나 시동이 꺼지는 경우 상기 센서 값을 리셋하고, 상기 승객 감지단계를 다시 수행하는 리셋단계; 를 포함할 수 있다. 본 발명에 의한 회생 제동량 가변 시스템의 일 실시 예는, 차량에 설치되고 차량의 무게 변화 또는 차량 시트에 가해지는 압력 변화를 감지하는 센서부; 상기 센서부로부터 센서 값을 수신받아 승객 탑승 여부 또는 탑승 인원을 연산하는 바디 제어부; 총 제동량에서 회생 제동 허용량 및 마찰 제동을 연산하는 브레이크 제어부; 상기 승객 탑승 여부 또는 탑승 인원을 이용하여 추가 회생제동 가능량을 연산하고, 상기 회생제동 허용량에 상기 추가 회생제동 가능량을 더하여 최종 회생제동 허용량을 연산하는 차량 제어부; 및 상기 최종 회생제동 허용량을 이용하여 회생제동 모터 토크 출력값을 제어하는 모터 제어부; 를 포함할 수 있다.
id-CN106573550A    abstract-一种用于运行机动车(1)的运行装置，所述运行装置包括至少一个固体气体电池(3)，该固体气体电池设计用于为机动车(1)的电机(5)提供能量。此外，所述运行装置包括至少一个高压罐(7)以用于接收和存储用于固体气体电池(3)的气体。此外，所述运行装置具有至少一个加载连接端(9)，所述固体气体电池(3)能借助于该加载连接端在加载过程的范围中耦合以用于接收电流并且所述高压罐(7)能借助于该加载连接端在加载过程的范围中耦合以用于接收气体。
id-DE102014111519A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Betrieb eines Hybrid-Fahrzeugs vorgeschlagen, wobei das Hybrid-Fahrzeug einen Verbrennungsmotor, eine elektrische Maschine, einen elektrischen Energiespeicher und ein elektrisches Heizelement aufweist, wobei in einem ersten Fahrbetriebsmodus der Verbrennungsmotor betrieben wird und mittels der elektrischen Maschine der wenigstens eine elektrische Energiespeicher über einen Batteriestromkreis geladen wird und wobei ferner im ersten Fahrbetriebsmodus das elektrische Heizelement temporär dem Batteriestromkreis zugeschaltet oder abgeschaltet wird, wenn durch eine Drehzahländerung des Verbrennungsmotors eine kurzzeitige Stromänderung im Batteriestromkreis gegeben ist.
id-US10183694B1    abstract-A vehicle drive and control system includes an input shaft driven by a prime mover and extending into a housing to drive a generator. An electric motor powered by the generator drives an output axle, which may be a single axle extending out one side of the housing, or a through shaft extending through the electric motor and out both sides of the housing. The input shaft may be parallel to the axle. A generator controller is configured to back-drive the generator when certain predetermined conditions are met. A motor controller may control an output of the motor based on input received via an operator control device, and the motor controller is configured to operate the motor as a generator under certain operating conditions. The transaxle includes a common housing in which the power generator, the motor, and controllers for the generator and electric motor are disposed.
id-KR101587358B1    abstract-실시예의 배터리 팩은, 복수 개의 배터리 셀로 구성되는 메인 배터리와, 상기 메인 배터리로부터 출력되는 전압 레벨을 변환시키기 위한 전력 변환부와, 상기 메인 배터리와 전력 변환부 사이에 마련되고, 상기 메인 배터리가 상기 전력 변환부에 연결되는 것을 단속하는 메인 릴레이부와, 상기 메인 배터리의 상태를 모니터링하고, 상기 전력 변환부의 동작을 제어하는 제어 수단을 포함하고, 상기 제어 수단에는 상기 메인 배터리의 전압, 전류 및 온도값을 측정하기 위한 수단들과, 상기 전력 변환부의 동작을 제어하기 위한 게이트 신호를 출력하는 수단이 함께 마련된다.
id-JP6198933B2    abstract-
id-US9387766B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a transmission, energy storage system (ESS), power inverter module (PIM), and controller. The PIM includes a boost converter having a bypass switch and a first plurality of switches, and also a power inverter having a second plurality of switches. The controller is programmed to execute a method that enables a DC boost converter of the PIM by opening the bypass switch when a speed and a torque of the electric machine are within a predetermined boost range. The controller bypasses the boost converter by transmitting a second switching signal closing the bypass switch when the speed and torque are not within the predetermined boost range. A voltage input to the power inverter is equal to the DC battery voltage whenever the boost converter is bypassed and exceeds the DC battery voltage whenever the boost converter is enabled.
id-US9787101B2    abstract-An electrical system for an aircraft with an electric taxi system (ETS), the electrical system may include at least one traction motor, a DC link and at least one traction-motor bidirectional DC-AC converter interposed between the at least one traction motor and the DC link. An engine-driven power source may be configured to provide DC power to the DC link or extract DC power from the DC link. A battery unit may be configured to provide DC power to the DC link or extract DC power from the DC link. An adaptive power controller may be interconnected with the power source, the battery unit and the at least one traction-motor bidirectional DC-AC converter and configured to regulate voltage of DC power delivered to the DC link.
id-US10530219B1    abstract-A generator and clutch assembly is disclosed for use in a vehicle and includes a rotatable input, an electric generator in a generator housing, a clutch rotor by driven by the rotatable input, and an electric clutch and brake assembly which may be integrated with the generator housing. A field coil may be mounted to an external surface of the generator housing. The generator and clutch may be offset and connected by means of a transfer system having a transfer housing, wherein a field coil is mounted to an external surface of the transfer housing.
id-US9783040B2    abstract-A drive wheel having an electric wheel hub motor for a motor vehicle includes a stator arranged around a wheel hub and is connected to the wheel hub in a non-rotatable manner. A rotor is mounted in such a manner that it can rotate relative to the stator to drive a wheel rim connected to the rotor in a non-rotatable manner. At least two energy storage devices are arranged between the wheel hub and the stator to output electrical energy for operation of the electric wheel hub motor. The energy storage devices are embodied in each case in the shape of a ring segment in such a manner that the energy storage devices form a closed ring around the wheel hub when lying adjacent to one another.
id-CN105799690A    abstract-本发明提供了一种在混合动力车辆的再生制动过程中的变速器控制方法，其致力于提供一种在混合动力车辆的再生制动过程中的变速器控制方法，该方法能够在从混合动力车辆的多级自动变速器的当前变速器挡位转变成目标变速器挡位时，通过由用于变速的操作元件扭矩和电机扭矩干预控制来不变地控制变速器输出扭矩(即，再生制动执行量)直到变速器输入速度达到与目标变速器挡位对应的速度来精确地估计再生制动执行量，并且能够精确地估计再生制动执行量并同时确保在变速过程中的制动线性。
id-CN105437983A    abstract-根据本公开的一个示例性方面的一种方法，其除了其他之外还包括响应于超过系统再生限度，通过增加抬升踏板再生来控制电动车辆。
id-WO2016037838A2    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Kraftfahrzeugs, das wenigstens eine elektrische Maschine als Antriebseinrichtung aufweist, mit folgenden Schritten: - Untersuchen einer aktuellen Fahrsituation darauf, ob eine Zielposition mit einer Zielgeschwindigkeit durch Ausrollen erreicht werden kann; - Anzeigen eines Hinweises an einen Fahrer des Kraftfahrzeugs, wenn die Zielposition durch Ausrollen erreicht werden kann; - Erfassen einer Reaktionszeit des Fahrers von dem Hinweis bis zum Einleiten eines Ausrollvorgang durch den Fahrer; - Ansteuern der elektrischen Maschine als Generator zur Erzeugung eines Vorzögerungsmoments, wenn die Reaktionszeit einen vorgebbaren Grenzwert überschreitet.
id-KR20160031898A    abstract-본 발명은 친환경 차량의 회생제동 제어 장치에 관한 것으로, 구체적으로 회생제동 시 모터 토크가 정토크 영역인지를 판단하여 모터 토크를 고정시킬 수 있는 친환경 차량의 회생제동 제어 장치 및 방법에 관한 것이다. 이를 위해, 본 발명의 일 실시 예에 따른 친환경 차량의 회생제동 제어 장치는 동력원인 모터; 상기 모터의 구동 전압을 제공하고, 다수개의 셀로 구성된 배터리; 상기 모터의 구동 및 토크를 제어하는 모터 제어기; 상기 배터리의 SOC(State Of Charge)를 관리하는 배터리 관리기; 및 차량 상태에 따라 네트워크를 통해 상기 모터 제어기 및 배터리 관리기를 통합 제어하는 차량 제어기를 포함하되, 상기 차량 제어기는 회생 제동 시 모터 속도가 베이스 속도 미만이면 모터 토크가 기준 토크 미만인지를 판단하고, 상기 모터 토크가 기준 토크 미만이면 변속이 검출되는지 판단하며, 상기 변속이 검출되면 모터 토크를 고정시키고, 회생제동 실행량을 연산할 수 있다.
id-DE202014104276U1    abstract-Antriebsrad mit einem Elektro-Radnabenmotor (2) für ein Kraftfahrzeug, umfassend einen um eine Radnabe (3) angeordneten und drehfest mit dieser verbundenen Stator (4) und einen um den Stator (4) angeordneten und relativ zu diesem drehbar gelagerten Rotor (5) zum Antrieb einer drehfest mit dem Rotor (5) verbundenen Radfelge (6), dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass zwischen der Radnabe (3) und dem Stator (4) wenigstens ein Energiespeicher (7a, 7b, 7c, 7d, 7e, 7f, 7g, 7h) zur Abgabe elektrischer Energie für den Betrieb des Elektro-Radnabenmotors (2) angeordnet ist.
id-DE102014218681A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Abbremsen eines Zweirades (2) mit einem Rahmen (6), der fahrbar auf einem durch einen Elektromotor (4) angetriebenen ersten Rad (10) und auf einem mit einer vom Elektromotor (4) verschiedenen elektrischen Maschine (39) wirkverbundenen zweiten Rad (8) getragen ist, umfassend: – Empfangen einer das Abbremsen anzeigenden Bremsanforderung (31, 40), und – Abbremsen des zweiten Rades (8) mit der elektrischen Maschine (39) basierend auf der Bremsanforderung (31, 40).
id-KR20160028237A    abstract-본 발명은 충방전 가능한 배터리; 바퀴와 연결되는 모터; 상기 모터 및 상기 배터리와 연결되고, 공급기간 동안 상기 배터리의 방전을 통해 상기 모터를 구동시키고, 휴지기간 동안 상기 모터로부터 발생되는 회생 충전전류를 이용하여 상기 배터리의 충전을 수행하는 모터 구동부; 및 상기 모터 구동부와 연결되고, 상기 공급 기간 동안 상기 모터가 구동 되도록 상기 모터 구동부를 제어하며 상기 휴지기간 동안 상기 배터리가 충전되도록 상기 모터 구동부를 제어하는 제어부를 포함하되, 상기 제어부는 상기 휴지기간 동안 상기 모터 구동부에 포함된 복수의 트랜지스터 중 상기 배터리의 음극에 연결된 트랜지스터들을 온 하여 상기 모터에 포함된 코일에 회생 충전 전류를 저장하며, 상기 음극에 연결된 트랜지스터들을 오프 하여 상기 회생 충전 전류가 상기 배터리에 충전되도록 제어하는 것을 특징으로 하는 전기 이동수단에 관한 것이다. 전기 이동수단의 휴지기간 동안 자동적으로 에너지 회생 동작을 수행함으로써, 배터리 충전 효율을 향상시키는 전기 이동수단을 제공할 수 있다.
id-FR3025619A1    abstract-Dispositif de régulation (30) d'un groupe motopropulseur hybride comportant un premier bloc d'alimentation à haute tension et un second bloc d'alimentation à basse tension qui comporte une batterie et un convertisseur de courant continu couplé entre la capacité et ladite batterie. Il comprend : - des moyens de détection (31) d'une mise en défaut du premier bloc d'alimentation, - un régulateur (32) apte à déterminer une consigne de courant à délivrer par l'onduleur en fonction du courant délivré par l'onduleur et de la différence entre la tension aux bornes de la capacité et la consigne de tension de capacité, et - des moyens de limitation (33) de la consigne aptes à délivrer à l'onduleur une consigne saturée de courant à délivrer par l'onduleur si la consigne déterminée par le régulateur est hors d'une plage de courant à délivrer acceptable et une consigne non saturée sinon.
id-WO2016041601A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an electric machine assembly comprising an electric DC or AC machine having a plurality of power terminals for supply of a DC or AC generator voltage and receipt of a DC or AC input drive voltage. A motor control unit is operatively coupled to the electric machine and comprises a bi-directional AC/DC power converter which is configured to operate in a first conversion mode for conversion of the DC or AC generator voltage into a rectified DC voltage at first and second battery connections of the motor control unit and a second conversion mode for conversion of a DC battery voltage applied at the first and second battery connections into the DC or AC input drive voltage. A controller of the motor control unit is coupled to the bi-directional AC/DC power converter for selection of one of the first and second conversion modes. The motor control unit comprises an overvoltage protection circuit operatively coupled between the first and second battery connections. The overvoltage protection circuit comprises a first controllable semiconductor device configured to selectively electrically connect or disconnect the first and second battery connections in accordance with a first trigger signal applied to a control terminal of the controllable semiconductor device. A trigger voltage generator coupled to the first and second battery connections is configured to generate the first trigger signal in response to the rectified DC voltage exceeding a predetermined trigger voltage level.
id-US20170288547A1    abstract-An electric source control apparatus has: a determining device for determining whether a converter operates in a first mode or a second mode, wherein the first mode prioritizes increase of efficiency of the electric power conversion than the second mode does and the second mode prioritizes suppression of increase of element temperature of the switching element than the first mode does; and a controlling device for controlling the converter so that (i) a switching pattern becomes a first pattern, if the converter operates in the first mode and (ii) the switching pattern becomes a second pattern, if the converter operates in the second mode, wherein the first pattern is capable of increasing the efficiency of the electric power conversion more than the second pattern is and the second pattern is capable of suppressing the increase of the element temperature more than the first pattern is.
id-KR20160036320A    abstract-본 발명은, 브레이크 페달 동작시, 공급된 모터전류에 의해 회전하는 모터에 따라 저장된 브레이크 오일에 유압이 발생되게 직선운동하는 피스톤의 위치를 감지하는 위치감지센서, 상기 브레이크 오일 중 제1 브레이크 오일이 제1 휠실린더 서킷으로 공급 중 상기 제1 브레이크 오일에 대한 제1 유압을 감지하는 제1 압력센서, 상기 제1 휠실린더 서킷과 다른 제2 휠실린더 서킷으로 상기 브레이트 오일 중 제2 브레이크 오일 공급 중 상기 제2 브레이크 오일에 대한 제2 유압을 감지하는 제2 압력센서 및 상기 위치에 따라 산출된 상기 브레이크 오일에 대한 유압 및 상기 제1, 2 유압을 기반으로, 상기 제1, 2 휠실린더 서킷 중 적어도 하나의 누유 발생 여부를 판단하는 제어부를 포함하는 회생 제동 장치를 제공한다.
id-EP2998149A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Landfahrzeug mit rein elektrischem Antrieb.  Die Erfindung ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass für jedes angetriebene Rad ein eigener Radnabenmotor vorgesehen ist, dass alle Radnabenmotoren von einer zentralen, elektronischen Steuereinheit gesteuert werden, und dass dieser zentrale Steuereinheit Zustandsgrößen, wie Stromstärke, elektrische Spannung, Drehzahl jedes der Räder, Ladezustand der Batterie, und dergleichen mehr, die von Sensoren ermittelt und der zentralen Steuereinheit übermittelt werden, zur Steuerung der Radnabenmotoren unter Verwendung von gespeicherten Zustandsprofilen heranzieht, und dass in den Zustandsprofilen die Verknüpfung der Zustandsgrößen mit den Steueraktivitäten gespeichert sind, sodass ohne Verzug gesteuert werden kann.
id-DE102014217975A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Antriebsrad (1) mit einem Elektro-Radnabenmotor (2) für ein Kraftfahrzeug, umfassend einen um eine Radnabe (3) angeordneten und drehfest mit dieser verbundenen Stator (4) und einen um den Stator (4) angeordneten und relativ zu diesem drehbar gelagerten Rotor (5) zum Antrieb einer drehfest mit dem Rotor (5) verbundenen Radfelge (6). Zwischen der Radnabe (3) und dem Stator (4) ist wenigstens ein Energiespeicher (7a, 7b, 7c, 7d, 7e, 7f, 7g, 7h) zur Abgabe elektrischer Energie für den Betrieb des Elektro-Radnabenmotors (2) angeordnet.
id-CN105523033B    abstract-本发明公开提供一种混合动力传动系统转速控制。在至少一个实施例中，一种车辆动力传动系统包括通过离合器机械地连接的发动机和电机。所述动力传动系统还包括变矩器，所述变矩器被构造为将电机流体地连接到输出轴。控制器被配置为：基于传递穿过离合器的预测的扭矩，命令至变矩器的电机的转速输出。所述控制器进一步被配置为：基于电机的命令的转速输出和实际的转速输出之间的差异来修正所述命令。
id-US10099562B2    abstract-Embodiments describe a battery system that includes a first battery module coupled to a regenerative braking system and a control module that controls operation of the battery system by: determining a predicted driving pattern over a prediction horizon using a driving pattern recognition model based in part on a battery current and a previous driving pattern; determining a predicted battery resistance of the first battery module over the prediction horizon using a recursive battery model based in part on the predicted driving pattern, the battery current, a present bus voltage, and a previous bus voltage; determining a target trajectory of a battery temperature of the first battery module over a control horizon using an objective function; and controlling magnitude and duration of electrical power supplied from the regenerative such that a predicted trajectory of the battery temperature is guided toward the target trajectory of the battery temperature during the control horizon.
id-EP3015333B1    abstract-
id-US10392057B2    abstract-A vehicle comprising a framework in form of beam, wheel, drive and braking system, while the vehicle is partially loaded with the weigh of user and the user stands on roller skates and holds the vehicle on the beam so that the wheel is behind the user and contacts with its tire the road surface; and when the user activates the drive, the wheel starts rotating and, as a result of friction between the wheel's tire and the road surface, there arises a force making the vehicle with user move. Additionally, another technique for operation of the same vehicle is being offered, at which the vehicle on the move is positioned in the front of user.
id-US10386269B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, an electric-vehicle testing apparatus includes processing circuitry. The circuitry generates a first signal corresponding to accelerator operation amount and a second signal corresponding to brake operation amount in accordance with test conditions. The circuitry controls torque of a test motor included in a test object. The circuitry computes running resistance to be assumed using a rotation speed of the test motor. The circuitry computes braking force using the second signal and an actual vehicle speed obtained from the rotation speed of the test motor. The circuitry controls torque of a load motor coupled to the test motor, based on a second command value corresponding to the running resistance and the braking force.
id-CN104269885B    abstract-本发明提供一种能量回馈控制方法及能量回馈系统，制动电阻通过开关管串联接入能量回馈系统中。方法包括检测机车电网侧的当前电压，获得机车电网侧的当前电压值；判断机车电网侧的当前电压值是否小于第一阈值；当小于第一阈值时，控制开关管保持断开，以使得包括制动电阻的制动电阻回路处于非工作状态；当不小于第一阈值时，进一步判断机车电网侧的当前电压值是否大于第二阈值；当大于第二阈值时，控制开关管保持闭合，以使得包括制动电阻的制动电阻回路处于工作状态；当不大于第二阈值时，依据第一阈值、第二阈值、机车电网侧的当前电压值以及制动总功率，控制调整开关管的占空比。本发明实现了实时控制回馈给机车电网侧的能量。
id-US9834096B2    abstract-A braking control method of an eco-friendly vehicle includes calculating, if a braking manipulation performed by a driver is sensed, a motor torque command according to a regenerative braking permissible amount. If it is determined that a motor has been normally driven, a regenerative braking execution amount is calculated from the motor torque command. Motor control for regenerative braking is performed according to the motor torque command. A friction braking amount satisfying the total braking amount is calculated from the regenerative braking execution amount according to the braking manipulation performed by the driver, thereby controlling friction braking to generate braking power corresponding to the friction braking amount.
id-US20160105132A1    abstract-A system and a method for controlling regenerative braking of an electric vehicle are provided. The system and method calculate an available torque considering a battery system and an available torque considering a motor system to improve an accuracy of regenerative braking amount. The method includes calculating an available torque considering a battery system and an available torque considering a motor system when regenerative braking of the electric vehicle is required and calculating a regenerative braking capacity based on the available torque considering the battery system and the available torque considering the motor system.
id-US20160111990A1    abstract-An alternator voltage may be controlled based on a proportional gain scheduling in response to an engine load of an internal combustion engine and/or a state of charge (SOC) deviation for a battery based on a target SOC of the battery and an actual SOC of the battery. The alternator voltage may be a voltage less than a current battery voltage under high engine loads to enable the battery to power an accessory system and the alternator voltage may be a voltage greater than a voltage of the battery under low engine loads or engine loads less than high engine loads to enable the alternator to charge the battery.
id-KR102227848B1    abstract-하이브리드 전기 차량의 구동 시스템이 개시된다. 이 시스템은 제1 PWM(Pulse Width Modulation Carrier) 캐리어(carrier) 신호를 적용한 펄스 폭 변조(PWM) 방식에 따라 차량 배터리의 저전압 직류 전원을 고전압 직류 전원으로 변환하는 DC-DC 컨버터와, 제2 PWM 캐리어 신호를 적용한 PWM 방식에 따라 상기 고전압 직류 전원을 제1 교류 전원을 변환하고, 변환된 상기 제1 교류 전원에 따라, 차량을 구동시키기 위한 모터링 모드(motoring mode) 및 차량의 운동 에너지를 전기 에너지로 회수하기 위한 발전 모드(regenerative mode) 중 어느 하나의 동작 모드로 동작하는 제1 구동 모터를 구동시키는 제1 인버터와, 제3 PWM 캐리어 신호를 적용한 PWM 방식에 따라 상기 고전압 직류 전원을 제2 교류 전원으로 변환하고, 변환된 상기 제2 교류 전원에 따라, 상기 어느 하나의 동작 모드로 동작하는 제2 구동 모터를 구동시키는 제2 인버터 및 상기 제1 및 제2 구동 모터의 동작 모드에 따라 상기 제1 내지 제3 PWM 캐리어 신호의 위상을 독립적으로 제어하는 PWM 위상 제어부를 포함한다.
id-US10577048B2    abstract-In one aspect, a controller for driving a motor of the present invention includes a driving control unit that controls driving of a motor, and a regenerative control unit that instructs the driving control unit to start regeneration when a signal from a pedal rotation sensor that detects a rotation direction of the pedal indicates that the rotation direction of the pedal is backwards, the regenerative control unit controlling an amount of the regeneration in accordance with a backward rotation amount of the pedal while the rotation direction of the pedal is backwards, the backward rotation amount being obtained by the pedal rotation sensor.
id-JP7184516B2    abstract-
id-KR20160050475A    abstract-본 발명은 연료전지-배터리 하이브리드 시스템의 운전제어장치 및 운전제어방법을 개시한다. 상기 연료전지-배터리 하이브리드 시스템의 운전제어방법은 시스템의 시동시, 연료전지 시스템 상태를 초기 진단하는 단계; 시동 후, 연료전지 출력을 자기진단하여 연료전지를 예열하는 단계; 연료전지의 예열이 완료된 후 연료전지와 배터리가 운전하는 통상 운전모드로 전환하는 단계; 운전 중 지속적인 자기 진단 실행을 통해 배터리 충전 상태 및 부하 인가 상태를 확인하고 정전류 운전을 제한하거나, 연료전지 공급 전류량을 제어하는 단계; 자기 진단 이상 발견 또는 비상 스위치 동작 시에 시스템 보호모드, 배터리 운전모드 또는 비상 정지모드를 실행하는 단계; 자기 진단 이상 상황 해제시에 시스템 보호모드를 종료하고, 통상 운전모드를 복귀하는 단계; 및 시스템의 시동 스위치가 OFF 상태인 경우, 배터리 전압을 확인하고, 연료전지로 배터리를 충전여부를 확인하여 충전을 진행하거나, 시스템의 손상을 방지하기 위한 연료전지 후냉각을 진행한 후 시스템을 종료하는 단계;를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-KR20160039823A    abstract-본 발명은, 모터에 의해 구동되어 브레이크 오일을 이동시키는 펌프, 마스터 실린더에서 전륜/후륜 휠실린더로 브레이크 오일이 공급되는 경로의 상류측에 위치하는 인렛(Inlet) 밸브, 상기 브레이크 오일이 공급되는 경로의 하류 측에 위치하는 아웃렛(Outlet) 밸브, 일시적으로 브레이크 오일이 저장되는 어큐뮬레이터 및 상기 마스터 실린더와 상기 어큐뮬레이터가 연결된 별도의 유로 상에 위치하여 브레이크 오일의 이동 경로를 개폐하는 TC 밸브를 포함하는 유압 제공 모듈 및 상기 유압 제동 모듈을 제어하는 유압 제어 모듈;을 포함하고, 회생제동 및 유압제동의 협조 제동 제어시, 상기 유압 제어 모듈은, 입력된 요구제동력을 기반으로, 상기 회생제동의 제동력이 감소되면 상기 유압제동의 제동력을 증가시키기 위하여, 상기 회생제동의 제동력 감소 기울기를 추정하고, 상기 제동력 감소 기울기를 기반으로 상기 어큐뮬레이터에 저장된 상기 브레이크 오일이 상기 전륜/후륜 실린더로 공급되는 유량을 산출하여, 상기 유량에 따라 상기 TC 밸브의 개도값 및 상기 모터의 모터속도를 제어하는 회생제동 시스템을 제공한다.
id-US9840148B2    abstract-A control system for an electric motor usable as a generator of a vehicle includes: a first control device and a second control device each configured to define, in consideration of at least one furnished first specification signal with regard to a driver-requested or autonomously requested braking input, at least one target braking torque variable with regard to at least one generator braking torque to be exerted by way of the at least one electric motor on at least one wheel of the vehicle and/or on at least one axle of the vehicle, and to output to the at least one electric motor, and/or to at least one electronic control system of the at least one electric motor, at least one output signal corresponding to the at least one target braking torque variable.
id-KR20160050974A    abstract-하이브리드 시스템의 차량제동 제어방법 및 장치로서, 하나 이상의 강판 변속 패턴을 사용하여 경사에 따라 기 설정된 보조제동 변속단수를 산출하는 단계를 포함하고, 차량의 내리막 주행시 제동수행 여부를 판단하는 단계를 포함하며, 상기 차량의 내리막 주행시 제동수행이 판단된 경우, 차량의 보조제동 변속단수를 제어하는 단계 및 제동 시 산출된 차량의 속도를 유지하기 위해 회생제동장치를 제어하는 단계를 포함하는 하이브리드 시스템의 차량제동 제어방법 및 장치를 제공한다.
id-KR20160040913A    abstract-차선변경제어 기능을 제공하는 스마트 전기자동차 및 그 동작방법이 개시된다.  본 발명의 실시예에 따른 스마트 전기자동차는 차량의 방향지시등의 점등을 제어하는 점등 스위치, 상기 차량의 선행차량, 상기 점등 스위치의 점등 지시방향에 해당하는 옆 차로, 및 상기 옆 차로를 주행하는 주변차량을 감지하는 감지센서, 및 상기 차량의 모터를 제어하여 상기 선행차량과의 거리를 유지하는 자동주행제어(Advanced Smart Cruise Control, ASCC) 기능을 수행하며, 상기 점등 스위치가 온(ON)된 경우 상기 감지된 주변차량 및 상기 감지된 차선을 포함하는 주변환경정보를 이용하여 상기 차량의 차선을 변경하는 제어부를 포함한다.
id-KR20160053208A    abstract-본 발명은 ESC 통합형 회생제동용 제동장치를 이용한 차량의 밀림방지 장치 및 그 제어방법이 개시된다. 본 발명의 ESC 통합형 회생제동용 제동장치를 이용한 차량의 밀림방지 장치는, 차량의 각 휠의 휠속도를 감지하는 휠 속도감지부; 차량의 차속을 감지하는 차속감지부; 브레이크의 조작상태를 감지하는 브레이크 페달 감지부; 차량의 엔진회전수를 감지하는 엔진회전수 감지부; 가속페달의 조작상태를 감지하는 가속페달 감지부; ESC 통합형 제동부의 제동압력을 감지하기 위해 모터의 변위를 측정하는 스트로크 감지부; 차량과 노면의 경사각을 감지하는 경사각 감지부; 및 휙 속도감지부와 차속감지부로부터 각 휠의 휠속도와 차속을 입력받아 차량의 정지상태를 판단하고, 브레이크 페달 감지부와 경사각 감지부로부터 브레이크의 조작상태와 차량의 경사각을 판단하여 경사로에 정차여부를 판단한 후 스트로크 감지부로부터 입력된 모터의 변위를 기반으로 제동압력을 판단하여 밀림방지를 위해 밀림방지 제동압을 ESC 통합형 제동부에 출력하는 밀림방지 제어부를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-KR20160045364A    abstract-본 발명의 실시예에 따른 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동 시 쉬프트 인디게이터 제어 시스템은 현재 차량이 회생제동 모드 조건을 만족하는지 판단하는 회생제동 모드 판단부; 차량 정보를 이용하여 기준 회생제동 가능량을 계산하는 기준 회생제동 가능량 계산부; 및 상기 기준 회생제동 가능량을 이용하여 세일링 모드 및 회생제동 모드 중 하나를 선택하는 모드 판단부를 포함할 수 있다.
id-CN105564257B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于在机动车（1）中运行电驱动装置（2）的方法，其中，所述电驱动装置（2）由可再充电的电蓄能器（4）供电并且在回收运行中提供用于充电电蓄能器（4）的电能，具有下面的步骤：‑以一个或多个可能的行驶路段的变化为基础，求得（S1）一个电子地平，该电子地平给出一个或多个具有各自的路段参数的路段；‑以电子地平的路段参数为基础确定（S4）必需的电功率随时间的变化；‑根据必需的电功率的变化并且根据电蓄能器（4）的给定的最大允许的充电电流确定（S5‑S8）最佳充电电流。
id-EP3012143A1    abstract-A power generation system adopted for use on a vehicle (10) comprises a first rotary member (20), a second rotary member (21), a transmission gear set (22) and a brake module (23). The first rotary member (20) includes a first gear (201), an electromagnetic winding (202), a housing space (203) for installation of the second rotary member (21) and an electric output portion (205). The second rotary member (21) includes a second gear (211) with a gear ratio smaller than that of the first gear, an excitation winding (212) and an electric input portion (213). The transmission gear set (22) includes at least one transmission gear (222) to engage with the first gear (201) and the second gear (211). The transmission gear (222) is driven by the first gear (201) to drive the second gear (211) to rotate in a direction opposite to the first gear (201). The brake module (23) detects operation condition of a brake pedal (15) and a drive pedal (13) made by the driver, and outputs an excitation current to the electric output portion (205) via a first brush (231) to generate electric power.
id-KR20160050332A    abstract-본 발명의 실시예에 따른 회생 제동량 제어 시스템은 브레이크 페달의 작동 여부 및 변속 정보를 검출하는 운전정보 검출부; 및 상기 변속정보에 따라 실변속 시 회생 제동량을 고정하고 실변속이 아닌 경우 요구 제동력을 이용하여 회생 제동량을 계산하는 하이브리드 제어기를 포함할 수 있다.
id-CN105564251A    abstract-一种在再生制动事件期间运行制动器退回系统的方法，以监测所实现的再生制动量开始。如果实现的再生制动量超过第二临界值则设定点临界值从第一临界值线性倾斜变化到最大再生容量。第二临界值小于第一临界值，且第一临界值小于最大再生容量。最大再生容量代表能被产生的再生制动的最大量。如果实现的再生制动量超过设定点临界值，则摩擦元件从第一退回状态转变为第二准备好状态。
id-WO2016059356A3    abstract-Le véhicule (1) comprend un essieu tracteur (3) relié à une motorisation thermique (5), un essieu directionnel (2) et essieu complémentaire (4) ni directeur, ni motorisé. Lorsque ledit véhicule est hybridé selon le procédé de l'invention, les roues de l'essieu complémentaire (4) sont déposées et remplacées par des moteurs-roues (12a, 12b) associés chacun à un onduleur (13a, 13b) qui lui est spécifiquement dédié afin de l'alimenter en énergie électrique provenant d'un accumulateur d'énergie électrique (14). Un boîtier de contrôle (16) est également installé, intégrant des moyens de commande d'accélération reliés à la pédale d'accélérateur (7) et des moyens de commande de décélération reliés à la pédale de frein (8) afin de commander et de surveiller l'ensemble des moyens nécessaires à l'accélération et à la décélération du véhicule de manière transparente pour le conducteur.
id-KR20160049901A    abstract-본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 전기자동차용 회생제동 시스템에서의 기어 변속시 제동 감속감 향상 제어방법은 차량의 제동 중 기어 변속시의 Coast Regeneration 변동량을 확인하는 제 1단계; 상기 Coast Regeneration 변동량을 유압제어량으로 변환하는 제 2단계; 및 상기 유압제어량에 기초하여 차량의 유압 제동력 손실을 보상하는 제 3단계를 포함한다.
id-WO2016058806A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Leistungselektronik für einen elektrischen Fahrantrieb mit einer Synchronmaschine und einem Akkumulator, wobei die Leistungselektronik einen Stromfluss sowohl in generatorischer als auch in motorischer Richtung ermöglicht und wobei die Leistungselektronik umfasst: wenigstens einen Wechselrichter zur Verbindung mit dem Akkumulator, eine Steuerschaltung zur Steuerung der Synchronmaschine und eine Trennschaltung zwischen Akkumulator und Wechselrichter, wobei die Trennschaltung eine Gleichrichter-Diode (D4) umfasst, wobei die Gleichrichter-Diode (D4) zur Vermeidung eines unkontrollierten Ladens des Akkumulators und/oder einer Verpolung des Wechselrichters vorgesehen ist. Die Erfindung ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass die Trennschaltung ein Umgehungselement (M7) parallel zur Gleichrichter-Diode (D4) aufweist, wobei das Umgehungselement (M7) zur Umgehung der Gleichrichter-Diode (D4) bei Stromfluss in generatorischer Richtung vorgesehen ist. Bei dem Umgehungselement (M7) kann es sich um ein Halbleiter-Bauelement handeln, bevorzugt um einen Transistor, besonders bevorzugt um einen P-Channel Feldeffekt-Transistor. Die Erfindung betrifft ferner einen Fahrantrieb umfassend eine Synchronmaschine und einen Akkumulator und eine erfindungsgemäße Leistungselektronik.
id-KR102327647B1    abstract-본 발명은 전동기 제어 장치 및 방법에 대하여 개시한다.  본 발명의 일면에 따른 하이브리드 자동차를 포함하는 전기 자동차의 전동기 제어 장치는, 복수의 권선을 포함하는 전동기; 및 상기 복수의 권선 사이에 연결되어, 상기 전동기가 발전기로 동작하는 회생 제동 모드에서 단락되어 상기 복수의 권선을 병렬로 연결하고, 상기 전동기가 전동기로 동작하는 일반 모드에서 개방되어 상기 복수의 권선을 직렬로 연결하는 복수의 일 스위칭 소자를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-JP6717826B2    abstract-
id-CN107206907B    abstract-本发明涉及分别用于电动车轮的用户接口、扭矩臂组件、组装辐条车轮的方法、电池维护方法以及用于热管理的方法。
id-CN107206903B    abstract-一种汽车电池系统，其包括：电耦接到第一总线的铅酸电池，其中该铅酸电池经由该第一总线向起动器供应电力以冷启动车辆的内燃发动机；电耦接到第二总线的锂离子电池，其中该锂离子电池在该车辆制动时捕获并且存储由再生制动系统产生的电能，并且使用从该再生制动系统捕获的电能向该第二总线供应电力，使得将该第二电力的第一部分供应给电气系统；以及电耦接在该第一总线与该第二总线之间的DC/DC转换器，其中该DC/DC转换器控制该第二电力的第二部分的供应以对该铅酸电池充电。
id-US10239629B2    abstract-A method for recycling motor power includes controlling a first motor of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) in a decelerating state to work in concert with a second motor of the UAV in an accelerating state to effect rotation of the UAV, receiving power from the first motor at a power bus in electrical connection with the first motor and the second motor, and providing a portion of the received power to the second motor through the power bus during the rotation of the UAV.
id-CN105584474B    abstract-本发明提供一种用于可变地调节应用IBS(智能电池传感器)的LDC的电压的方法和系统。LDC输出电压控制模式在三种驱动模式的每种模式中被确定，并且高电气负载被分成两组或多组。LDC输出电压值和命令优先级基于辅助电池的耐久性而被区分。此外，LDC输出电压命令表根据驱动模式和基于从IBS中获得的辅助电池SOC信息的SOC状态而产生。因此，LDC消耗的能量和辅助电池的能量消耗量被最小化，从而提高燃料效率。
id-US9821662B2    abstract-A braking force (BF) control system includes: a first required BF calculator that calculates, based on a position of the brake pedal, a first required friction BF allocated to the friction brake and a first required regenerative BF allocated to regenerative control of the drive motor; a second required BF calculator that calculates, based on a position of the acceleration pedal, a second required friction BF allocated to the friction brake and a second required regenerative BF allocated to the regenerative control; a regenerative total BF calculation/execution portion that calculates a regenerative total BF based on the first and second required regenerative BFs and performs the regenerative control based on the regenerative total BF; and a friction total BF calculation/execution portion that calculates a friction total BF based on the first and second required friction BFs and controls the friction brake based on the friction total BF.
id-CN106184194B    abstract-一种混合动力车辆的再生制动控制方法，包括步骤：再生制动确认步骤：确认是否执行再生制动；发动机停止确认步骤：确认发动机是否停止；以及向前换挡步骤：如果在所述发动停止确认步骤中，确认发动机停止，通过电动机将挡位换至最低挡位。
id-EP3023289B1    abstract-
id-CN105584373B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于确定再生制动量的方法，包括以下步骤：在制动车辆的时候确定再生制动可能量；将总制动量中多达所述再生制动可能量的第一制动量分配为再生制动量；将总制动量中剩余的第二制动量分配为液压制动量；以及根据所述再生制动可能量首先通过发出电动机转矩指令执行再生制动，然后利用所述液压制动量执行摩擦制动。
id-KR102007360B1    abstract-모터(136)에 의해 구동되는 차량은, 모터(136)에 전력을 공급하는 이차 전지(140)와, 차량의 제동 시에 회수한 회생 전력을 이차 전지(140)에 공급하는 전력 회생부(130)와, 이차 전지(140)의 축전량을 검출하는 축전량 검출부(142)와, 이차 전지(140)의 충방전을 제어하는 제어부(180)를 구비하고, 제어부(180)는, 상기 차량이 얻어지는 회생 전력을 추정하고, 추정한 상기 회생 전력을 이차 전지에 공급했을 때의 축전량의 증가량에 상당하는 예상 축전 증가량을 추정하고, 축전량 검출부(142)에 의해 검출된 실제 축전량과, 추정한 예상 축전 증가량과의 합계로부터 가상 축전량을 산출하고, 가상 축전량에 기초하여 이차 전지(140)의 충방전을 행한다.
id-US9421871B2    abstract-A motor controller includes an inter-vehicle sensor detecting an inter-vehicle distance between an own vehicle and a front vehicle, a speed sensor detecting a speed difference between a speed of the own vehicle and a speed of the front vehicle, an accelerator sensor detecting an accelerator pressing quantity, and a control portion controlling a regeneration torque of the motor based on the inter-vehicle distance, the speed difference, and the accelerator pressing quantity. When the control portion determines that the accelerator pressing quantity is less than or equal to a predetermined pressing quantity, the control portion determines that a speed-reduction request is generated. When the control portion determines that the inter-vehicle distance is no more than a first predetermined distance and when the own vehicle is in an approaching state, the control portion increases the regeneration torque of the motor, so as to generate a regeneration braking force.
id-CN105564421B    abstract-本发明提供一种用于当TMED混合动力车被驱动时防止电动机过热的控制方法及系统，其可通过在基于车辆以EV模式驱动时的驱动状态以及电动机的当前温度来限制电动机输出之前运行发动机以改善行驶性能。所述方法包括：监测混合动力车的电动机温度，并且当所述车辆以EV模式驱动，且所述电动机的当前电动机温度为第一电动机温度或者更高时，运行发动机。此外，在发动机运行后，当所述当前电动机温度等于或者大于第三电动机温度时，电动机输出受限，其中所述第三电动机温度大于所述第一电动机温度。
id-CN107078535A    abstract-本发明涉及一种车载电网(200)，所述车载电网包括第一蓄能器(201)、第二蓄能器(202)、发电机(203)以及控制单元(230)，第一蓄能器在第一蓄能器(201)充满电时具有第一最大开路电压(101)，第二蓄能器在第二蓄能器(201)充满电时具有第二最大开路电压(104)，第二最大开路电压大于第一最大开路电压(101)，控制单元构造用于检测车辆(600)的回收运行。控制单元(230)进一步构造用于在车辆(100)处于回收运行中时使发电机(203)生成具有位于缓冲电压范围(105)中或之上的充电电压的电能。在此缓冲电压范围(105)介于第一最大开路电压(101)和第二最大开路电压(104)之间。
id-DE102015218785A1    abstract-Ein Bremssteuerverfahren eines umweltfreundlichen Fahrzeugs enthält Folgendes: Bestimmen eines Gesamtbremsbetrags gemäß einer Fahrer-Bremseingabe; Bestimmen eines zulässigen Betrags der Nutzbremsung anhand des Gesamtbremsbetrags durch Verteilung der Bremsleistung; Bestimmen eines Nutzbremsdrehmoments gemäß dem zulässigen Betrag der Nutzbremsung; Bestimmen eines Bezugs-Nutzbremsungs-Ausführungsbetrags, in dem ein Getriebezustand widergespiegelt wird, anhand des Nutzbremsdrehmoments; Bestimmen eines endgültigen Nutzbremsungs-Ausführungsbetrags durch Korrigieren des Bezugs-Nutzbremsungs-Ausführungsbetrags gemäß Umgebungsinformationen; Bestimmen eines Reibungsbremsbetrags anhand des Gesamtbremsbetrags und des endgültigen Nutzbremsungs-Ausführungsbetrags; und Durchführen einer Reibungsbremsung zum Steuern einer Reibungsbremsvorrichtung basierend auf dem Reibungsbremsbetrag.
id-WO2016083690A1    abstract-Pack batterie pour un véhicule automobile équipé d'un moteur de traction électrique et d'un réseau de bord électrique (R2), comportant un ensemble de cellules (C 1  à C N ) qui comprend un premier groupe de cellules (G1 ) destiné à alimenter le moteur électrique et un deuxième groupe (G2) d'au moins une cellule, adapté pour alimenter le réseau de bord du véhicule.
id-DE102015221681A1    abstract-Ein Verfahren zum Steuern eines regenerativen Bremssystems für ein Fahrzeug kann beinhalten: Erzeugen eines Zieldrucks für jedes Rad, wenn eine Leistungsbedingung für eine ABS-basierte Steuerung, eine VDC-basierte Steuerung und eine TCS-basierte Steuerung erfüllt ist; Bestimmen, ob zu der ABS-basierten Steuerung übergegangen werden soll; Öffnen eines eingangsseitigen Ventils eines gesteuerten Rades, so dass eine Druckerhöhung/Drucksenkung für das gesteuerte Rad durchgeführt wird, wenn bestimmt wird, dass eine VDC-basierte Steuerung oder TCS-basierte Steuerung durchgeführt werden soll; und Durchführen einer Druckerhöhung/Drucksenkung für das gesteuerte Rad durch Steuern eines Motors derart, dass ein Reifendruck des gesteuerten Rades dem Zieldruck des gesteuerten Rades folgt.
id-KR101803153B1    abstract-요구 회전수의 지시에 대한 펌프 모터의 응답성을 향상시킨다.  본 발명의 연료 전지와 이차 전지를 구비하는 연료 전지 차량에서는, 구동 모터와 펌프 모터는, 이차 전지와의 전력의 수급을 통하지 않고 서로 전력을 수급 가능해지도록, 전력 배선을 통하여 서로 접속되어 있다.  구동 모터와 펌프 모터의 동작을 제어하는 제어 장치는, 펌프 모터의 토크의 상한 가드값을, 이차 전지의 방전 가능 전력과 연료 전지의 출력 전력에 기초하여 정하거나, 또는 펌프 모터의 토크의 하한 가드값을, 이차 전지의 충전 가능 전력과 연료 전지의 출력 전력에 기초하여 정한다.
id-US20160129810A1    abstract-A vehicle includes a front-wheel/rear-wheel motor, a battery and an ECU. The ECU is configured to (i) control the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors, and (ii) control the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors such that a braking torque of a resonance-side motor, when at least one of the rotation speed of the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors is within a resonance range, is smaller than the braking torque of the resonance-side motor, when the rotation speed of the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors are outside the resonance range, and such that the braking torque of a non-resonance-side motor, when at least one of the rotation speed of the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors is within a resonance range, is larger than the braking torque of the non-resonance-side motor, when the rotation speed of the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors are outside the resonance range, during deceleration caused by a braking torque from the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors.
id-KR20160056795A    abstract-본 발명의 연료 가스의 공급을 받아서 발전하는 연료 전지와, 상기 연료 전지의 발전 전력에 의해 구동하는 모터를 구비한 차량에 있어서, 액셀러레이터를 밟았다가 떼었을 때의 차량 주행 모드를, 통상 모드와, 상기 통상 모드보다도 큰 감속력으로 감속을 도모하는 감속 강조 모드 중 어느 하나로 설정하고, 상기 설정된 상기 주행 모드에서의 차량 감속을 행하기 위해서, 상기 통상 모드에서의 상기 모터의 회생 제어와, 상기 감속 강조 모드에서의 상기 감속력을 생성하기 위한 생성 제어 중 어느 하나를 행하고, 상기 감속 주행 모드가 상기 감속 강조 모드인 경우에, 상기 운전자의 액셀러레이터 답입에 의한 액셀러레이터 개방도가 해제 역치보다 커지면, 상기 주행 모드를 상기 감속 강조 모드로부터 상기 통상 모드로 변경한다.
id-WO2016078802A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren (100) zur Umwandlung und/oder zum Speichern von aus mechanischer Energie M gewonnener elektrischer Energie E in einem Fahrzeug mit einem Motor (1), insbesondere in einem Kraftfahrzeug, wobei die beim Bremsen und/oder im Schubbetrieb des Fahrzeuges gewonnene mechanische Energie M a) in einem ersten Schritt mit Hilfe eines Generators (2) in elektrische Energie E umgewandelt wird, die b) in einem zweiten Schritt in einem Zwischenenergiespeicher (3) gespeichert wird und die gespeicherte elektrische Energie E c) in einem dritten Schritt an ein Elektrolysemodul (4) abgeführt wird, welches die elektrische Energie E d) in einem vierten Schritt zumindest durch Spaltung von Wasser (H20) in Wasserstoff (H 2 ) und Sauerstoff (02) in chemische Energie C umwandelt, und diese e) in einem fünften Schritt in einen Gastank (5) des Fahrzeuges zur Zwischenspeicherung geführt wird und/oder dem Motor (1) und/oder einer Brennstoffzelle (10) des Fahrzeuges zugeführt wird.
id-CN105584475A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于控制混合动力车辆的电池充电的系统和方法，该系统和方法为了驱动电动机的高温保护在限制电动机功率期间使用混合动力起动发电机(HSG)对电池充电。因此，在驱动混合动力车辆时，由于驱动电动机的频繁驱动，当驱动电动机的温度达到预定水平或更大时，通过驱动混合动力起动发电机对电池充电，由于高温保护，所以达到功率限制的驱动电动机的频率被最小化，同时减少了驱动电动机的驱动时间和频率。
id-CN105599585A    abstract-本发明涉及汽车的驱动装置，尤其，上述汽车的驱动装置包括：引擎，利用通过燃烧燃料所获得的能量来驱动；驱动电机，包括转子及定子，上述转子直接与上述引擎的曲轴相连接，上述转子具有与上述曲轴相同的旋转轴，上述定子以收容于上述转子的内侧的方式与上述引擎相结合，来使上述转子旋转，从而本发明的汽车的驱动装置提供如下优点，即，不仅可提高汽车燃油经济性，而且还可实现混合动力汽车的引擎周边结构设计的多样化。
id-DE102014117211A1    abstract-Die Erfindung bezieht sich auf ein Kraftfahrzeug mit einem Hybridantrieb, der mindestens ein Rad (4, 6, 8, 10) umfasst, das durch eine elektrische Maschine antreibbar ist, wobei eine Rekuperationseinrichtung vorgesehen ist, die in einer Rekuperationsphase bei einem Bremsvorgang eine Rekuperation von Energie ermöglicht, wobei eine Bremsanlage (12) mit einem Pedal (14), mindestens einem Hauptbremszylinder (18, 20, 26) und mindestens einer Radbremse (22, 24, 28, 30) vorgesehen ist, die die Radbremse (22, 24, 28, 30) aufgrund einer Bewegung des Pedals (14) und einer Bewegung mindestens eines Kolbens in Bremsrichtung im Hauptbremszylinder (18, 18‘) mittels eines Bremsdruckes fluidisch betätigt, wobei eine Druckminderungsventileinrichtung (36) vorgesehen ist, die in der Rekuperationsphase den Bremsdruck vermindert und wobei ein Kompensator (18) zur Kompensation einer hydraulischen Wirkung der Druckminderungsventileinrichtung (36) vorgesehen ist, wobei mindestens ein weiterer Hauptbremszylinder (20) vorgesehen ist, der zumindest einen ersten und einen zweiten Kolben (44, 46) aufweist, die über ein erstes Verbindungsorgan (48) miteinander gekoppelt sind und den Hauptbremszylinder (20) in mindestens drei Kammern (50, 52, 54) unterteilt, von denen mindestens eine erste und eine zweite Kammer (50, 52) als Hydraulikammern ausgebildet sind und die dritte Kammer (54) ein Ausgleichsorgan (56, 57) aufweist und als Kompensator mit Rückstellfunktion ausgebildet ist, wobei der erste Kolben (44) eine Durchgangsöffnung (66) zur fluidischen Verbindung der ersten Kammer mit der zweiten Kammer (50, 52) aufweist, wobei der erste Kolben (44) durch ein zweites Verbindungsorgan (62) entgegen der Bremsrichtung mit einem Kolben (64) eines Hydraulikaktuators (42) der Druckminderungsventileinrichtung (36) gekoppelt ist, verschließbar ist, und für den ersten oder den zweiten Kolben (44, 46) ein Anschlagorgan (60) vorgesehen ist, derart, dass der Hauptbremszylinder (20) auch die Funktion einer Druckregeleinheit ausführt.
id-KR20150005868A    abstract-연료전지스택과 모터 사이에 마련된 수퍼커패시터; 수퍼커패시터에 병렬 연결되며, 컨버터와 브레이킹 레지스터로 구성된 초퍼; 회생제동전류량을 측정하는 제1센서; 브레이킹 레지스터의 전류량을 측정하는 제2센서; 및 제2센서의 전류값이 제1센서의 전류값을 추종하도록 컨버터를 제어하는 제어기;를 포함하는 연료전지차량의 회생제동시스템 및 그 제어방법이 소개된다.
id-DE102014017441A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Kraftfahrzeug (1) mit einem Verbrennungsmotor (4) zum Antreiben des Kraftfahrzeugs (1) und mit einer elektrischen Maschine (6), insbesondere einem riemengetriebenen Starter-Generator. Die elektrische Maschine (6) weist eine thermische Kapazität auf, durch welche in einem Volllastbetrieb der elektrischen Maschine (6), in welchem eine in der elektrischen Maschine (6) bereitgestellte Kühlleistung kleiner ist als eine in der elektrischen Maschine (6) erzeugte thermische Verlustleistung, eine Temperaturreserve bereitgestellt ist, so dass die elektrische Maschine (6) im Volllastbetrieb erst dann eine Übertemperatur aufweist, wenn die Temperaturreserve aufgebraucht ist. Eine Steuereinrichtung (12) ist dazu ausgelegt, die elektrische Maschine (6) in einer Bremsphase des Kraftfahrzeugs (1) als Generator im Volllastbetrieb zu betreiben. In der Bremsphase soll die thermische Kapazität voll ausgenutzt werden. Hierzu ist eine Überwachungseinrichtung (15) dazu ausgelegt, während der Bremsphase einen Restanteil der Temperaturreserve zu ermitteln. Die Steuereinrichtung (12) steuert die elektrische Maschine (6) in Abhängigkeit von dem ermittelten Restanteil.
id-US20170326997A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for recharging an electrical energy source (S) on-board an electric or hybrid vehicle, comprising at least two electric traction motors (M 1 ,M 2 ) respectively associated with a first and second traction converter (C 1 ,C 2 ) and a control electronics (E), said vehicle functioning according to a traction mode using electrical energy provided by the electrical energy source (S), according to a braking mode for recharging said electrical energy source (S) during braking or deceleration phases, and according to a shutdown recharge mode for recharging said electrical energy source (S) during the shutdown phases of the vehicle, characterized in that it consists of utilizing the control electronics (E) managing the traction converters (C 1 ,C 2 ) to carry out a static reconfiguration both of the two converters (C 1 ,C 2 ) and of the motors (M 1 ,M 2 ), in order to transform said converters (C 1 ,C 2 ) associated with the motors (M 1 ,M 2 ) into a charger for the on-board energy source (S).
id-CN104477153B    abstract-本发明提出一种电子液压调节器及采用所述电子液压调节器的汽车制动能量回收系统，所述电子液压调节器基于电流变液材料粘度与电场相关的特性工作，通过电压控制电流变液材料的粘度大小，当电流变液材料的粘度改变时，将导致流入比例阀的制动液流量的改变，从而产生不同大小的制动力。将所述电子液压调节器串联入汽车制动系统的液压管路中形成汽车制动能量回收系统，通过控制电压改变电子液压调节器中电流变液材料的粘度，进而控制制动力的精细调节，并辅助电制动和液压制动力分配器对制动力的分配需求，实现了电动车制动动能的回收，解决了电动车中制动能量回收问题，提高了电动车的续航里程，进而显著提高了电动车的性能。
id-CN105609840B    abstract-本发明提供一种能够高精度地实施用于避免高电位的电力算出的燃料电池车系统和燃料电池系统的运转方法。燃料电池系统(100)具备：燃料电池(20)；二次电池(50)；计算单元(60)，在对燃料电池(20)的输出电压加上高电位避免用的剩余电力来避免高电位时，基于燃料电池(20)的发电电压与高电位避免目标电压的偏差，通过反馈控制算出避免高电位的高电位避免电压；判定单元(70)，判定燃料电池(20)的运转状态符合反馈控制的积分项更新的禁止条件(A)还是许可条件；以及反馈控制条件决定单元(80)，在符合禁止条件(A)的情况下停止积分项的更新，在符合许可条件的情况下实施积分项的更新。
id-US9676294B2    abstract-A method of managing an operating state of an electrified powertrain includes a controller identifying a plurality of available operating regions defined by at least one available operating state of the powertrain, each operating region representing a distinct range of operating conditions. The available operating regions include an avoidance region defining a plurality of unwanted operating conditions and separating a first allowable operating region from a second allowable operating region such that the first and second allowable operating regions are noncontiguous. The method identifies at least one ideal operating condition in each of the available operating regions, determines a preferability factor and stabilization factor for each of a current and each of the ideal operating conditions, and arbitrates the factors to identify one of the current and ideal operating conditions as an optimized operating condition to produce a required parameter value.
id-DE202014008706U1    abstract-Ein Elektroauto, welches bei der Fortbewegung Strom erzeugt und diesen zur Fortbewegung verwendet bzw. speichert. Dadurch gekennzeichnet dass der Elektromotor zum Starten die Energie von einem Akku/Batterie nimmt.
id-KR20160058667A    abstract-본 발명은 자동차의 구동 장치에 관한 것으로서, 특히, 연료의 연소로 얻어지는 에너지를 이용하여 구동되는 엔진과, 상기 엔진의 크랭크 축에 직결된 동일한 회전 축을 가지는 로우터 및 상기 로우터의 내측에 수용되도록 상기 엔진에 결합되어 상기 로우터를 회전시키는 스테이터를 포함하는 구동 모터를 포함함으로써, 연비를 향상시킴은 물론, 하이브리드 자동차의 엔진 주변의 구조 설계의 다양화를 꾀할 수 있는 이점을 제공한다.
