id-CN106627171B    abstract-本发明公开了一种纯电动车辆的扭矩回收控制方法及控制系统，该方法包括：根据车辆当前行驶参数计算当前允许回收的目标扭矩，并获取当前实际请求扭矩，预设不引起车辆抱死的最大回收扭矩；当车辆防抱死系统ABS被激活且车辆的制动踏板未被踩下时，根据当前允许回收的目标扭矩的绝对值与最大回收标定扭矩的绝对值的大小判定，确定是按照快速滤波梯度还是按照常规滤波梯度进行滤波。本方法通过控制不同的滤波梯度使车辆在ABS介入前后能够实现平稳过渡，实现车辆在低附着系数路面滑行时，保证车辆具备相应的回收扭矩的同时不会引起车辆车轮抱死。同时，本方法通过设定控制状态的复位条件，避免了同一回收区间内ABS的反复介入，解决了车辆攒动的问题。
id-US10106040B2    abstract-A hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) and methods for operation having a powertrain that includes an engine, an electric machine and storage battery, and a transmission coupled via a drive shaft to wheels having regenerative-friction brakes. The HEV and transmission incorporate regenerative and adaptive braking and a capability to detect nearby obstacles and other vehicles. Such controllers monitor and report the nearby-vehicle distance and a brake pedal tip-lift time and position. In response, the controller(s) cause the electric machine to generate electric power with negative torque, which decelerates the transmission and wheels at a constant or variable rate, adjusted so the nearby-vehicle distance during deceleration equals or exceeds a predetermined, lead-lag distance to nearby vehicles or obstacles. An adaptive cruise signal may also be generated that may indicate driver vehicle preferred settings and profiles, and constant, adjustable, learned, and driver selectable deceleration profiles, which are utilized to control deceleration during braking.
id-JP6870688B2    abstract-
id-US10858010B2    abstract-The electric vehicle control method is a control method that includes the motor that gives braking force or driving force to a vehicle in accordance with an accelerator operation, by which the braking force is controlled when an accelerator operation amount is smaller than a given value and the driving force is controlled when the accelerator operation amount is the given value or larger. The electric vehicle control device estimates disturbance torque that acts on the motor as resistance component relating to a gradient and executes correction by which the braking force or the driving force is increased or decreased so as to cancel the resistance component in accordance with a disturbance torque estimated value Td. Then, on a downhill road at a given gradient or more, a correction amount of the braking force or the driving force is reduced.
id-US10527159B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle control device has: a determining portion determining, during idle engine operation, whether a meshing state is achieved in which the lock member is meshed with the parking gear, or a non-meshing state is achieved in which the lock member is not meshed with the parking gear; and a control portion providing a control of applying the running electric motor torque to the rotary member to eliminate a gap in a meshing portion between gears in the power transmission system and a gap in a meshing portion between the parking gear and the lock member when it is determined that the meshing state is achieved, and providing a control of applying a torque of the differential electric motor to the rotary member to eliminate a gap in the meshing portion between gears in the power transmission system when it is determined that the non-meshing state is achieved.
id-US10351190B2    abstract-A three-wheeled vehicle includes a chassis, a first wheel rotatably connected to the chassis, the first wheel having a first perimeter, a first diameter and a first geometric center, a second wheel rotatably connected to the chassis, the second wheel having a second perimeter, a second diameter and a second geometric center, a first motor and a second motor, a first drive and a second drive gear, a first plurality of teeth disposed about the first wheel and mechanically engaged with the first drive gear at a location closer to the first perimeter than to the first geometric center, a second plurality of teeth disposed about the second wheel and mechanically engaged with the second drive gear at a location closer to the second perimeter than to the second geometric center, a mount rotatably connected to the chassis and a third wheel rotatably connected to the mount.
id-CN106627168B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车的制动能量回馈方法和制动能量回馈系统，该制动能量回馈方法包括步骤：获取驾驶员需求的需求制动力；获取电回馈系统的潜在回馈能力；获取前驱动轴电回馈扭矩目标分配比、后驱动轴电回馈扭矩目标分配比；获取期望电驱动系统执行的电回馈目标请求扭矩；计算前驱动电机的前目标需求扭矩、后驱动电机的后目标需求扭矩；控制前驱动电机执行前目标需求扭矩、后驱动电机执行后目标需求扭矩；检测前驱动电机和后驱动电机的实际执行扭矩；获取前驱动轴需求制动力和后驱动轴需求制动力；控制液压制度系统进行补偿。上述制动能量回馈方法保证了车辆稳定性，提高了能量回馈效率、电回馈制动和液压制动衔接过程中的驾驶平顺性。
id-US10351015B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes an engine, a first rotating electric machine, a second rotating electric machine coupled to drive wheels of the hybrid vehicle, a planetary gear mechanism configured to mechanically couple the engine, the first rotating electric machine, and the second rotating electric machine, an electric power storage device configured to perform charging and discharging with the first rotating electric machine and second rotating electric machine, and an electronic control unit configured to, in a case where cruise control is requested or in a case where deceleration torque is requested by the cruise control, execute motoring control and simulated stepped gear shift control.
id-CN108297701A    abstract-本公开涉及电动车辆的电驱动系统。一种车辆可包括逆变器、马达和牵引电池，其中，所述马达连接到所述逆变器，所述牵引电池连接到所述逆变器并且具有与所述逆变器的母线之间的母线电压相等的端电压，使得所述母线电压是未经调节的。所述车辆还可包括电压转换器和辅助转换器，所述电压转换器被配置为使所述端电压降低到中间总线的中间总线电压阈值以下，所述辅助转换器被配置为从所述中间总线汲取电力以向辅助负载供电。
id-AU2023200984A1    abstract-A management system for a commercial electric vehicle (EV), comprising: a controller area network (CAN) comprising a plurality of CAN buses connected to a plurality of components of the EV; and a vehicle controller connected to the CAN and configured to monitor and/or control the plurality of components of the EV based on CAN signals; wherein the plurality of CAN buses and their respective components comprise: a drive CAN bus connected to a motor controller system; a battery CAN bus connected to a battery system; and a telematics CAN bus connected to a telematics system.
id-CA3051382A1    abstract-A control method for an electric vehicle comprising a motor that provides braking force or drive force to the vehicle, in accordance with the amount of accelerator operation. The electric vehicle control method controls braking force when the accelerator operation amount is less than a prescribed value and controls drive force when the accelerator operation amount is at least a prescribed value. The electric vehicle control method: estimates disturbance torque that acts on the motor as a resistance component relating to gradient; and executes correction whereby the braking force or the drive force is increased/decreased on the basis of the disturbance torque estimated value, such that the resistance component is negated. A determination is made regarding whether or not the accelerator operation amount is a partial equivalent amount and, if at least either the accelerator operation amount on a downhill road is greater than the partial equivalent amount or the accelerator operation amount on an uphill road is less than the partial equivalent amount, the correction amount is reduced.
id-US20180215383A1    abstract-A method includes controlling an electrified vehicle by automatically commanding an output torque from an electric machine if the electrified vehicle is in park and an engine start or stop request has been received. A road grade may be used to determine whether or not to command the output torque.
id-US20180198401A1    abstract-A variable voltage converter for an electric drive system has upper and lower switching devices in series between positive and negative buses. An inductance couples a junction between the switching devices to a DC battery. A controller is configured to drive the switches according to PWM gate signals based on an expected boost ratio of the converter. The PWM gate signals have a nominal dead-time insertion for both the upper and lower switching devices when the expected boost ratio is greater than a predetermined boost ratio. In order to extend a range of achievable boost ratios during regeneration operation, the PWM gate signals are without dead-time insertion for the upper switching device and the lower switching device remains continuously off when the expected boost ratio is less than the predetermined boost ratio.
id-US20180212292A1    abstract-A battery pack includes a heat exchanger plate having a first attachment feature and a battery assembly having a second attachment feature configured to engage the first attachment feature as the battery assembly is moved against the heat exchanger plate to thermally couple the battery assembly to the heat exchanger plate.
id-CN108340760A    abstract-本发明公开了一种纯电动车辆动力总成系统。系统采用两个小体积高速电机，通过单行星排结构实现低速时单个电机驱动，中高速时两个电机的动力耦合后共同驱动，解决目前大多数单电机驱动大型车辆动力不足，效率低下，重量大成本高的问题，也解决了带变速器的纯电驱动系统换挡时动力中断，驾乘不舒适的问题。本发明适用于大型纯电动车辆，具有结构简单，驱动效率较高，易于设计、加工，利于降低制造成本，降低系统故障率等问题，实现节能减排。
id-CN106828119A    abstract-该发明公开了一种兼顾回馈效率与制动效能的制动系统及制动方法，涉及电动汽车制动系统，特别地制动能量回收系统及其控制方法。本发明兼顾回馈效率与制动效能的制动能量回收系统，通过将前轴制动油路与储液杯直接相连，制动主缸空闲出的前腔出油口与踏板行程模拟器相连，从结构上保证了制动过程中可以切断前轴主缸与轮缸之间的液压管路，使得驾驶员踩下制动踏板时，主缸内的制动液不会流入制动轮缸，而是流入踏板模拟器中，从而在增加了制动力的情况下还保证了踏板感觉不会发生变化。
id-DE102018100677A1    abstract-Ein Verfahren zum Anzeigen des Bremsleistungszustands eines Fahrzeugs wird offenbart. Das Verfahren erhält Fahrzeugzustandsdaten von mindestens einem Onboard-Subsystem und erzeugt basierend auf den Zustandsdaten eine Leistungsanzeige. Die Leistungsanzeige beinhaltet einen Ladeanzeigebereich, der durch eine stationäre Ladegrenze und einen dynamischen Übergangsschwellenwert definiert ist, einen Reibungsbremsanzeigebereich, der an den Ladeanzeigebereich angrenzt und durch den dynamischen Übergangsschwellenwert und durch eine stationäre Reibungsbremsgrenze definiert ist, und eine Echtzeit-Leistungsanzeige, die auf die Fahrzeugzustandsdaten reagiert, um eine Position im Ladeanzeigebereich oder im Reibungsbremsanzeigebereich anzuzeigen. Der Übergangsschwellenwert verschiebt sich als Reaktion auf Veränderungen der Zustandsdaten im Laufe der Zeit, was zu einer beweglichen Grenze zwischen dem Ladungsanzeigebereich und dem Reibungsbremsanzeigebereich führt. Die Leistungsanzeige wird auf einem elektronischen Anzeigeelement an Bord des Fahrzeugs angezeigt.
id-WO2018128989A1    abstract-An electrically powered vehicle is disclosed, having a resistor to facilitate dynamic breaking when the electrically powered vehicle is moving downhill or under other external motive force. The electrically powered vehicle includes one or more electrical motors configured to provide motive force to a powered wheel of the electrically powered vehicle. The one or more electrical motors can be configured to generate electricity when the electrically powered vehicle is moved by a force external to the electrically powered vehicle.
id-CN108357393A    abstract-提供了一种控制包括驱动电动机的车辆的装置和方法。该装置包括：数据检测器，检测包括车辆速度、制动踏板的位置值和驱动电动机速度的行驶信息；以及驱动电动机，产生用于驱动车辆的驱动扭矩并且选择性地作为发电机操作。然后，控制器基于行驶信息来确定制动模式，并且根据制动模式来调整换档完成时点。
id-CN108340786A    abstract-一种用于运行车辆(2)的方法，该车辆具有多个车轮(8、10、12、14)和多个电机(16、18、20、22)，每个电机与至少一个车轮联接并且能在多种运行模式中运行，电机在第一驱动电机运行模式中沿第一旋转方向旋转，电能被转化为机械能，至少一个车轮沿前进方向旋转，由此车辆借助于至少一个车轮被驱动，电机在第二驱动电机运行模式中沿与第一旋转方向相反的第二旋转方向旋转，电能被转化为机械能，至少一个车轮沿后退方向旋转，由此车辆借助于至少一个车轮被制动，为相应的电机设置有第三发电机运行模式，至少一个车轮沿前进方向旋转，由于至少一个车轮的运动产生的机械能由相应的电机在第三发电机运行模式中转化为电能，由此制动车辆。
id-US20180194342A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes an engine, an electric machine, a transmission, and a controller. The transmission is configured to alter clutch pressures in preparation for an upcoming shift between discrete gear ratios (e.g., input-to-output ratio). For example, the clutch pressures may spike to a heightened magnitude to prepare for the upcoming shift. The electric machine is configured to selectively propel the vehicle and perform regenerative braking. If regenerative braking demands occur during the clutch pressures being heightened during shift preparation, the controller is programmed to stop the preparing of the clutches. This can be done by reducing the clutch pressures back to their pre-preparation magnitude. The upcoming shift can be cancelled or delayed.
id-US20180201144A1    abstract-Systems of an electrical vehicle and the operations thereof are provided. In particular, a towing cable and methods for utilizing the same in a towing scenario are described. The towing cable is described to facilitate the transfer of power between vehicles as well as data between vehicles. The data transferred between the vehicles involved in the towing include sensor information of the towed vehicle as well as control signals.
id-KR102003021B1    abstract-전동차의 운행정보 및 가선전압 정보를 이용하여 회생에너지를 검출하는 장치 및 방법이 제공된다. 회생에너지 검출장치는 에너지 저장 제어 장치와 네트워크로 연결되며, 가선으로부터 전력을 공급받는 전동차의 회생제동에 따라 발생하는 회생에너지를 검출한다. 회생에너지 검출장치는, 전동차의 가속도를 포함한 운행정보를 수집하는 운행정보 수집부와, 가선전압의 변동정보를 수집하는 가선전압 정보 수집부와, 가선전압이 증가하는 제1 조건과, 전동차의 가속도가 감소하는 제2 조건을 만족하면, 회생에너지 검출신호를 생성하는 제어부와, 에너지 저장 제어 장치가 회생에너지 검출신호의 수신에 따라 회생에너지 충전을 개시하도록, 에너지 저장 제어 장치에 회생에너지 검출신호를 전송하는 전송부를 포함한다.
id-CN106740143A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车或混合动力汽车的制动装置的控制方法，在车速小于15km/h时进行制动时，此时电力再生制动装置不工作，由机械制动系统为汽车前后轴提供制动力；而在车速大于等于15km/h时进行制动且制动强度要求较小时，由电力再生制动装置进行制动，在车速大于等于15km/h时进行制动且制动强度要求中等时，由电力再生制动装置和机械制动装置同时进行制动，在车速大于等于15km/h时进行制动且制动强度要求较高时，此时由机械制动装置进行制动，制动可靠性较高；因此，通过本发明的方法，既能使电力再生制动装置最大限度的将车辆动能转化为电能，又能保证制动安全性。
id-CN108327695A    abstract-本发明提供电动车的制动装置，尽可能减小辅助电动车的不具备负压助推器的主缸的液压升压装置的动作频率，将制动感觉的下降抑制到最小限度。电动车的制动装置具备：不具有负压助推器的主缸；以及能够对主缸产生的制动液压进行升压的液压升压装置。能够切换为以下模式：通常制动模式，当电池的充电率不足阈值时，联合使用液压制动和再生制动；再生制动限制模式，当电池的充电率达到阈值以上时，允许液压制动并限制再生制动，在再生制动限制模式下，驾驶员的制动踏板踏力持续规定时间超过了第1踏力的情况下，抑制液压升压装置的动作，因此能够防止液压升压装置的过度动作导致的制动感觉下降、液压升压装置的动作声的产生、液压升压装置的耗电增加。
id-DE102017101082B3    abstract-Es wird ein Fahrzeug zur Energierückgewinnung von Kraftfahrzeugen angegeben. Das Bremsfahrzeug hat eine Koppelvorrichtung und einen Energiewandler. Z. B. bei Hangfahrten bremst das Fahrzeug auf bestimmten Streckenabschnitten und nimmt Energie auf. Die Energie kann in mechanischer, chemischer oder elektrischer Form im Fahrzeug gespeichert oder direkt an ein Stromnetz abgegeben werden. Bremsfahrzeug kann autonom arbeiten.
id-US20180215371A1    abstract-An electric power source system includes an electric power generator, a voltage conversion device, a battery, an electrical load, and a control device. The voltage conversion device converts a direct current voltage. The battery is electrically connected to the electric power generator through the voltage conversion device. The electrical load is electrically connected to the electric power generator in a parallel relationship with the battery without passing through the voltage conversion device. The control device is configured to charge the battery through the voltage conversion device based on regenerative electric power in a regenerative state in which the regenerative electric power is generated by the electric power generator. the control device is configured to increase an electric power consumption of the electrical load further when the control device detects an event that impedes the charging in the regenerative state than when the control device does not detect the event.
id-NZ756041B2    abstract-management system for a commercial electric vehicle (EV), comprising: a controller area network (CAN) comprising a plurality of CAN buses connected to a plurality of components of the EV; and a vehicle controller connected to the CAN and configured to monitor and/or control the plurality of components of the EV based on CAN signals; wherein the plurality of CAN buses and their respective components comprise: a drive CAN bus connected to a motor controller system; a battery CAN bus connected to a battery system comprising a high-voltage (HV) battery; and a telematics CAN bus connected to a telematics system. The vehicle controller is further configured to: measure operating temperature of the motor controller and adjust speed of a cooling pump and a radiator fan to maintain a predetermined operating temperature; and monitor a state of battery contactors of the HV battery and optimize an amount of time required to start the EV. ents of the EV based on CAN signals; wherein the plurality of CAN buses and their respective components comprise: a drive CAN bus connected to a motor controller system; a battery CAN bus connected to a battery system comprising a high-voltage (HV) battery; and a telematics CAN bus connected to a telematics system. The vehicle controller is further configured to: measure operating temperature of the motor controller and adjust speed of a cooling pump and a radiator fan to maintain a predetermined operating temperature; and monitor a state of battery contactors of the HV battery and optimize an amount of time required to start the EV.
id-DE102017200547A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Unterstützen eines Fahrbetriebs eines elektrisch antreibbaren Kraftfahrzeugs in eine Längserstreckungsrichtung eines Fahrwegs (30), wobei das elektrisch antreibbare Kraftfahrzeug mittels einer elektrischen Antriebseinrichtung angetrieben und im Fahrbetrieb zumindest teilweise mit Energie von einem Energieversorgungssystem des Fahrwegs (30) versorgt wird, das eine sich in die Längserstreckungsrichtung des Fahrwegs erstreckende Fahrwegenergiekopplungseinrichtung aufweist, wobei die Fahrwegenergiekopplungseinrichtung zumindest in oder an einem gegenüber einer Horizontalen geneigten Bereich des Fahrwegs (30) in den Fahrweg (30) integriert angeordnet ist und während des Fahrbetriebs zumindest im geneigten Bereich eine bidirektionale energietechnische Kopplung zwischen einer mit der elektrischen Antriebseinrichtung elektrisch gekoppelten Fahrzeugenergiekopplungseinheit des elektrisch antreibbaren Kraftfahrzeugs und der Fahrwegenergiekopplungseinrichtung des Energieversorgungssystems hergestellt wird.
id-WO2018135168A1    abstract-本開示は、異なる複数の要求に対応させて補機を制御できるようにすることを目的とする。補機装置は、バッテリ（１０）を電力供給源として動作する補機（４２）と、通信接続された外部装置（６０、８０）から前記補機を異なる用途で動作させる少なくとも２つの要求を取得する要求取得部（Ｓ１００、Ｓ２０２、Ｓ２０４）と、前記要求取得部により取得された前記要求に基づいて前記補機を動作させる補機制御指示値を特定し、該制御指示値を用いて前記補機を制御する補機制御部（Ｓ１０６、Ｓ１１０、Ｓ１１２、Ｓ２１０、Ｓ２１４、Ｓ３０４、Ｓ３０７）と、を備える。
id-US20200353810A1    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-JP6465907B2    abstract-
id-US10807489B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for charging an onboard energy storage device in a hybrid vehicle depending on vehicle operating conditions. In one example, a method includes charging the onboard energy storage device through a dual clutch transmission via an electric machine positioned downstream of the dual clutch transmission, and controlling a driveline disconnect clutch positioned downstream of the electric machine. In this way, charging of the onboard energy storage device may be conducted under conditions where a speed of the vehicle is either above a predetermined threshold speed, or below the predetermined threshold speed.
id-US11225164B2    abstract-Systems and methods are disclosed for adaptive regeneration systems for electric vehicles. In one embodiment, an example method may include determining, by an adaptive regeneration system, that an electric vehicle is decelerating, determining an output voltage of a power source at the electric vehicle, determining that a voltage potential of a battery system at the electric vehicle is greater than the output voltage, and causing the voltage potential of the battery system to be modified to a value equal to or less than the output voltage.
id-US10864822B2    abstract-A vehicle drive system that ensures brake force in the event of failure of a brake device or a controller. In vehicle drive system, a first brake device applies a brake torque to a pair of front wheels and a second brake device applies a brake torque to a pair of rear wheels. A first brake system includes a first controller and the first brake device, and a second brake system includes a second controller and the second brake device. In the event of occurrence of failure in one of the first brake system and the second brake system, only the other brake system generates brake torque.
id-CN106904079A    abstract-本发明公开了一种纯电动汽车的再生制动控制方法，所述方法包括：在松开加速踏板使所述汽车减速的过程中，根据加速踏板的开度实时计算驾驶员需求力矩，当所计算的驾驶员需求力矩为回馈力矩时，如果没有检测到踩下制动踏板时，则只控制驱动电机输出回馈力矩，否则，则同时控制驱动电机输出回馈力矩和液压制动单元输出液压制动力。本发明的控制方法实现了汽车在不改变传统制动系统的基础上，减速过程中回馈力矩大小与加速踏板开度的一定解耦关系，既节省成本容易实现，又可以尽可能多的将汽车的动能转化为电能储存到电池，提高整车能量利用率。
id-CN106828116A    abstract-本发明公开了一种四轮驱动交流电传动铰接式卡车电控装置及差速控制方法，涉及铰接式卡车控制技术领域。该装置及方法取代了传动的机械式差速锁，节省了空间和成本。差速控制板实时检测四个轮边电机的转速，根据四个电机的转速差异情况，结合差速控制策略实时智能地调节牵引电机的力矩以达到消除差速、防止车轮打滑、快速转向等目的。所以，本发明通过使用电控装置进行差速控制，实现了对四轮驱动卡车的四个轮边电机转速的电子差速控制，进而实现了对四个车轮的电子差速控制，解决了现有技术中，使用机械差速锁进行卡车的差速控制造成的问题。
id-CN106945541B    abstract-本发明提供一种在线充纯电动车辆动力电池的充电控制方法及系统，其通过实时采集电池的最大允许充电电流以及车载大功率部件的输入电流；同时计算得到电机控制器的瞬时输入电流；根据电池的最大允许充电电流、车载大功率部件的输入电流以及电机控制器的瞬时输入电流得到当前的车载充电机的最大允许输出电流；取车载充电机的最大允许输出电流与充电机的最大输出电流中的较小值为充电机的目标输出电流，充电机根据目标输出电流进行供电，从而能够对在线充纯电动车辆进行最高效率的充电，且电机制动的回馈能量优先被电池回收，还能够保护电池。
id-CN108515844A    abstract-本发明提供一种混合动力汽车及混合动力汽车的控制方法。电子控制单元构成为，在将第一变换器及第二变换器关闭的状态下使发动机运转而进行行驶的规定行驶时，以使第一电动机以第一电动机的反电动势变得比第一变换器及第二变换器的直流侧电压高的转速进行旋转而从第一电动机经由行星齿轮向驱动轴输出转矩的方式，对发动机进行控制。并且，所述电子控制单元构成为，在规定行驶时加速器操作量成为规定操作量以下时，切断从第一变换器及第二变换器侧向蓄电装置侧的电力的供给。
id-US20200023817A1    abstract-A regenerative braking system for a vehicle includes a means  13  for storing details of one or more deceleration profiles for the vehicle; means for comparing  13,  arranged to compare a current braking manoeuvre with the or a selected stored deceleration profile which generates an output signal, during the manoeuvre, representative of any deviation of the deceleration profile of the current braking manoeuvre from the ideal deceleration profile with which it is compared. This output can be used to drive a display  14  to provide feedback to a driver as to the efficiency of a braking manoeuvre. Multiple ideal deceleration profiles may be stored and the system arranged to compare a current braking manoeuvre with the most relevant stored profile. Profiles may be stored in association with spatial, temporal and/or environmental information.
id-CN108501728A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于车辆的后轮再生制动控制系统及其方法。用于车辆的后轮再生制动控制系统可以包括：制动器控制器、车辆控制器、液压控制器以及电机控制器，其中，所述系统和所述方法可以使后轮再生制动量最大化，同时易于确保车辆的制动稳定性。
id-DE102018201746A1    abstract-In einem Fall, wo bei einem Durchführen eines regenerativen Bremsens mit dem ersten Motorgenerator die verbleibende Batterieenergie der Batterie größer als der Referenzlevel ist, schließt die Steuerungsvorrichtung die Drossel, öffnet sie das Kurzschlussventil, und führt sie eine elektrische Energie dem elektrischen Kompressor zu. Der elektrische Kompressor ist an der Ansaugleitung stromaufwärts der Drossel vorgesehen. Das Kurzschlussventil ist an der Kurzschlussleitung vorgesehen, welche den elektrischen Kompressor kurzschließt. Gemäß dem Hybridfahrzeug, das wie vorstehend konfiguriert ist, kann eine erforderliche regenerative Bremskraft durch ein Durchführen einer Regenerierung einer elektrischen Energie unter Verwenden des Generators auch dann gewonnen werden, wenn es einen Zwang bezüglich der regenerierten elektrischen Energie, welche die Batterie annehmen kann, gibt.
id-KR20180091150A    abstract-본 발명은 회생 제동에 따른 배터리 충전 상태가 만충전 상태일 경우, 배터리 전력을 일부 소모하여 회생 제동이 지속적으로 이루어질 수 있도록 한 회생 제동 시스템 및 이의 제어 방법에 관한 것이다. 즉, 본 발명은 고전압 배터리가 완충된 상태에서 매우 긴 내리막길을 주행하는 경우, 별도의 전력소모기구를 통해 배터리 전력을 인위적으로 소모할 수 있도록 함으로써, 엔진 브레이크와 같은 기능을 하는 회생 제동이 지속적으로 이루어질 수 있도록 한 회생 제동 시스템 및 이의 제어 방법을 제공하고자 한 것이다.
id-CN107054036A    abstract-本发明提供了一种纯电动汽车驱动装置及驱动方法，该驱动装置由主电动机、行星轮系机构、辅助电动机、车辆主控制器及二级控制器组成；行星轮系机构对称地连接于主电动机两侧，所述行星轮系机构的行星轮系齿圈与主电动机的输出轴同轴连接；辅助电动机的动力输出端分别与两组行星轮系机构的太阳轮传动连接，主电动机和辅助电动机均安装有电机制动机构；电动机、电机制动机构和控制器均分别连接至总线；所述驱动方法包括主动差速过程、再生制动过程、变速过程和失效保护过程。本发明实现对左右两侧车轮速度的独立可控；有效改善了起步加速过程“低速重载”的工况，且提高了最高车速；提高了车辆的机动性能，有效节约能源。
id-WO2018155083A1    abstract-効果的に回生エネルギーを回収でき、燃費を向上できるようにする。そのため、エンジンと、エンジンの駆動力が伝達可能な駆動輪と、エンジンからの駆動力が伝達可能であるとともに、駆動輪との間で駆動力を伝達可能なモータと、モータを駆動させる電力を供給するとともに、モータにより発電された電力を蓄積するバッテリと、を備えるハイブリッド車両のＨＣＭ（５０）において、エンジンのエンジン特性における、エンジンのエンジン効率が高い高効率範囲を特定する情報を記憶する高効率範囲情報記憶部（５３）と、エンジンが高効率範囲から外れた低効率範囲で動作している場合に、モータにより発電されてバッテリに蓄積される電力量である低効率範囲発電量を測定する発電量測定部（５１）と、モータを駆動させる電力を供給することが必要な場合に、低効率範囲発電量の電力をモータに供給するように制御する統括制御部（５２）とを備えるように構成する。
id-CN106828115A    abstract-本发明公开了一种自动减速电力回收系统，包括传动轴，所述传动轴的外部套装有主动齿轮，所述主动齿轮的侧面啮合有被动齿轮，所述被动齿轮套装在转轴的外部，所述转轴固定连接有发电机的输入轴，所述发电机的底部固定连接有垫板，垫板的下表面固定连接有液压杆，所述发电机的输出端与蓄电池的输入端电连接，蓄电池的输出端与电压传感器的输入端电连接，所述蓄电池的输出端与电流传感器的输入端电连接，所述发电机、蓄电池、电压传感器和电流传感器组成发电系统。该自动减速电力回收系统，通过设置简单高效的电能回收装置能够较好的将汽车减速时的动力回收起来，并且设置了完备的信息采集系统以及控制系统，可以实现较好的控制。
id-EP3363674A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a wind power recovery system (1) and method for recovering wind power energy within a guided vehicle (2), the system (1) comprising: - a bearing structure (11) configured for being removably installed on-board the guided vehicle (2); - a wind turbine module (12) fixed to the bearing structure (11) and comprising at least one wind turbine (121); - at least one generator (13) for converting rotational mechanical energy of the wind turbine (121) into electrical energy, said generator (13) being supported by the bearing structure (11); - a control unit (14) fixed to the bearing structure (11) and configured for automatically controlling and commanding an opening or closing of a mechanical grille (4) for regulating an entry of frontal air flow (3) through the wind turbine (121); - a connector (16) for electrically connecting the generator to an electrical network of the guided vehicle (2) in order to provide said electrical network with said electrical energy.
id-KR20180094645A    abstract-본 발명은 전압 안정화 모듈이 구비된 철도 무선 급전장치에 관한 것으로, 차상 설비부의 전력저장부에 추가로, 전압 안정화 모듈을 연계되게 구비하여 에어갭으로 인한 전압 변동을 방지하고, 회생 제동과 연동하여 전력 발생부에 대한 추가 저장이 이루어지게 함으로써 급전선로의 길이가 짧아질 수 있도록 한 전압 안정화 모듈이 구비된 철도 무선 급전장치를 제공함에 그 목적이 있다. 본 발명을 적용하면, 전압 안정화 모듈을 구성함으로써 지상측 무선급전을 전구간에 설치하지 않아도 주행가능한 장점이 있어 경제적인 시스템 구현이 가능하다는 장점이 있고, 무선급전 시스템 특성상 지상측와 차상에 설치된 Pick UP 장치의 GAP 차이로 전압 급변 현상을 일어나는 경우가 발생하게 되는 이를 안정화 장치를 이용하여 무선급전 시스템의 주전원 안정화를 도모할 수 있으며, 철도 차량의 제동시 발생되는 회생전력을 DC/DC 컨버터를 이용하여 보조 전력저장부에 저장하여 재활용할 수 있다는 장점이 있다.
id-DE102017000950A1    abstract-ABCS steht für: Automotive Battery Charging System (2 oder mehr Batterien) und ist eine optimale Lösung für die elektrische Mobilität per Auto. ABCS benötigt keine Stromzapfstellen (Tankstellen) an der Fahrroute. Stationäre Ladestationen ermöglichen es dem Fahrer, die Batterien während der Ruhephase (zu Hause, im Hotel, usw....) vor Antritt der Fahrt wieder vollständig aufzuladen. Das Fahrzeug wird während der Betriebsdauer mit 100% elektrischer Energie (Elektromotor(en)) angetrieben. Die verbrauchte Energie der Batterien (Zeichnungen,), wird von einem Dynamo, welcher von einem vom Fahrbetrieb unabhängigen Verbrennungsmotor angetrieben wird (Zeichnungen,), wieder aufgeladen. Bei Erreichen einer kritischen Batterieleistung der Antriebsbatterie im Fahrbetrieb, wird ABCS automatisch auf die geladene 2. oder 3. Batterie, welche dann als Antriebsbatterie agiert, umschalten. Somit kann jede der vorhandenen Batterien den Status Antriebs- oder Ladebatterie einnehmen. Bei Bergabfahrten kann eine Rückführung der Energie an die Betriebsbatterie, durch eine Umpolung von E-Motorbetrieb in Dynamobetrieb, generiert werden (Zeichnungen,). Die Bremsleistung kann somit verstärkt und ein vorzeitiger Verschleiss der Bremsbeläge vermieden werden. Der minimale Schadstoff-Ausstoss durch den Verbrennungsmotor für den unabhängigen Dynamoantrieb kann den aktuellen Vorgabewerten der EU und den Abgasnormen anderer Länder gerecht werden.Der Verbrennungsmotor kann im Notlaufmodus, sollten die elektrischen Einheiten ausfallen, auch als alternativer Antrieb operieren.
id-DE102017012208A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Minimieren eines Drehmoments einer elektrischen Maschine eines elektrischen Fahrzeugantriebs während einem Energieübertragungsvorgang durch die elektrische Maschine beschrieben. Der Energieübertragungsvorgang umfasst: Leiten von elektrischer Energie durch mindestens eine Statorwicklung eines Stators der elektrischen Maschine zum Aufladen eines Energiespeichers des Fahrzeugantriebstrangs oder zum Rückspeisen von Energie aus dem Energiespeicher, während ein Rotor der elektrischen Maschine gegenüber dem Stator mechanisch arretiert ist. Ferner wird das Drehmoment zwischen der mindestens einen Statorwicklung und einem Rotor der elektrischen Maschine minimiert durch Minimieren des Winkelbetrags (W) zwischen einem magnetischen Statorfluss (1 - 3), der sich durch das Leiten von elektrischer Energie durch die mindestens eine Statorwicklung ergibt, und einer Richtung (5), die dem Rotorfluss, der während dem Leiten von elektrischer Energie herrscht, entgegengesetzt ist. Der Winkelbetrag (W) wird zu Beginn oder vor dem Schritt des Leitens von Energie minimiert durch Unterteilung der Wicklungen in Untergruppen, durch Anwenden einer Berganfahrhilfe oder durch Verwendung einer fremderregten Maschine und Minimierung der Erregung.
id-DE102017102968A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Antriebsstrangs (35) eines Kraftfahrzeugs (30) mit einer ersten elektrischen Maschine (31) und mit einer zweiten elektrischen Maschine (32), und mit einer Energiespeichereinrichtung (40), die mit einem Ladestrom aufladbar ist, der zum Beispiel während eines Bremsvorgangs durch eine der elektrischen Maschinen (31,32) bereitgestellt wird, wobei eine der elektrischen Maschinen (31,32) als Schwungradspeicher zum Speichern von kinetischer Energie geeignet ist.Um das Betreiben eines Antriebsstrangs zu vereinfachen und/oder effizienter zu gestalten, wird die erste elektrische Maschine (31) durch die zweite elektrische Maschine (32), die generatorisch kinetische Energie des Kraftfahrzeugs (30) in elektrische Energie umwandelt, motorisch angetrieben, um kinetische Energie zwischenzuspeichern.
id-CN108501734A    abstract-本发明公开了一种新能源汽车制动回收策略，所述新能源汽车包括电动机、变速箱，所述电动机输出轴与所述变速箱输入端连接，所述变速箱输出端与所述新能源汽车后桥连接，所述新能源汽车制动包括电刹与机械刹两部分，车辆刹车踏板上部分对应所述电刹，车辆刹车踏板下部分对应所述机械刹，所述电刹为通过所述电动机制动回收，所述变速箱根据所述电动机的运行特性曲线调整其挡位，以保证所述电动机当前车速下沿着最大扭矩特性曲线运行，实现制动回收能量的最大化。
id-KR102286841B1    abstract-본 발명은 전기자동차의 변속 제어 방법에 관한 것으로서, 속도 동기화를 위하여 회생 제어를 통해 모터 속도를 목표 기어단의 기어 속도로 감속시켜야 하는 변속 과정에서 배터리의 충전량(SOC)과 상관없이 우수한 변속감을 얻을 수 있도록 한 전기자동차의 변속 제어 방법을 제공하는데 주된 목적이 있는 것이다.  상기한 목적을 달성하기 위해, 차량에서 수집되는 현재의 차량 운전 정보 및 차량 상태 정보로부터 변속 요구가 검출되고, 변속 후의 기어단인 목표 기어단이 결정되는 단계; 변속 요구 검출 시 현재의 배터리 충전 가능 파워를 확인하는 단계; 상기 현재의 배터리 충전 가능 파워 및 현재 차속, 변속 전, 후 기어비를 포함하는 정보로부터 설정정보에 의해 모터 속도 동기화 시간이 구해지는 단계; 상기 모터 속도 동기화 시간과 현재의 차량 상태 정보로부터 구해진 모터 속도 동기화 목표시간을 비교하는 단계; 상기 모터 속도 동기화 시간이 모터 속도 동기화 목표시간보다 큰 값인 경우, 모터 속도 동기화 시간이 모터 속도 동기화 목표시간을 만족시키는 변속 패턴을 설정하여 설정된 변속 패턴으로 변속 패턴을 변경하는 단계; 및 상기 변경된 변속 패턴으로 변속 제어를 수행하는 단계를 포함하는 전기자동차의 변속 제어 방법이 개시된다.
id-CN108631006B    abstract-本发明提供二次电池、电池包及车辆。实施方式提供放电容量和循环寿命性能优异的二次电池、电池包及车辆。根据实施方式，提供含有正极、负极、隔板、第1电解质和第2电解质的二次电池。将隔板至少配置在正极及负极之间。隔板含有碱金属离子传导性的固体电解质。第1电解质至少存在于正极中且含有第1碱金属盐及第1水系溶剂。第2电解质至少存在于负极中且含有第2碱金属盐及第2水系溶剂。
id-CN108622079A    abstract-本发明提供一种即使在不能允许对蓄电池进行充电时也能够提高驾驶员的驾驶舒适性的混合动力车辆的控制装置。一种混合动力车辆的控制装置，所述混合动力车辆具备：发动机；第一电动发电机，其通过发动机的动力进行发电；蓄电池；以及第二电动发电机，其与驱动轮连接，并且通过来自蓄电池和第一电动发电机中的至少一方的电力供给来驱动，其中，在利用值的高低来表示蓄电池的充电状态的变量为规定值以上、且限制混合动力车辆的机械制动器的使用的情况下，执行如下的制动控制：通过混合动力车辆制动时将第二电动发电机作为发电机进行工作而获得的再生电力将第一电动发电机作为电动机进行驱动，并将第一电动发电机的负载设为发动机。
id-US10668817B2    abstract-A driving device includes a motor; a power storage device; a first boost converter configured to exchange power by voltage conversion between a power storage device side and a motor side; a second boost converter connected to the first boost converter in parallel and configured to exchange power by voltage conversion between the power storage device side and the motor side; and an electronic control unit configured to control the first boost converter and the second boost converter. The electronic control unit controls the first boost converter and the second boost converter such that the loss of each of the first boost converter and the second boost converter is not minimized during an excessive power input in which power to be input to the power storage device from the motor side is greater than an input limit of the power storage device.
id-CN108569275B    abstract-本公开提供了一种用于操作混合动力车辆的传动系的方法和系统，该混合动力车辆的传动系包括所描述的内燃发动机、电机、和变速器。在一个示例中，再生扭矩和电控差速器离合器的扭矩被调节以增加车辆的动能的利用率。
id-US10759411B2    abstract-A system and method of controlling regenerative braking of an eco-friendly vehicle are provided. The system eliminates a motor over-temperature state during regenerative braking, effectively prevents a chattering phenomenon in which regenerative braking torque is repeatedly increased and reduced after the motor over-temperature state, and consequently, improves the braking safety and operability of the vehicle. A torque output rate for motor regenerative braking torque limitation is determined from a current motor load and motor temperature using setting information when a motor over-temperature state is detected. Then, a final regenerative braking torque is determined by multiplying a motor regenerative braking torque, calculated from information including battery chargeable power and a driver braking operation value, by the determined torque output rate. Thereafter, regenerative braking of a motor is adjusted based on the determined final regenerative braking torque.
id-CN108688643B    abstract-本公开涉及混合动力传动系统转速控制。一种车辆动力传动系统包括控制器、变矩器以及通过离合器连接的发动机和电机。变矩器可被配置为将电机连接到输出轴。控制器可被配置为：产生用于输出扭矩的电机的命令以将变矩器朝着期望的转速驱动，并根据期望转速与实际转速之间的差而修改所述命令，以减小所述差，其中，所述差的值是由随着动力传动系统运转而改变的阈值所限制的。
id-CN108656957B    abstract-本公开提供了一种再生制动控制方法及装置，属于电动车辆技术领域。方法包括：在电动车辆行驶过程中，根据电动车辆的制动需求，获取制动总功率；获取电动车辆的电池吸收功率；如果电池吸收功率未超过预设阈值，获取电动车辆的附件耗能设备的可消耗功率；根据制动总功率和附件耗能设备的可消耗功率，将制动总功率分配为第一电制动功率和第一机械制动功率；根据第一电制动功率进行再生制动，根据第一机械制动功率进行机械制动。本公开通过在电池无法回收电机制动所产生的能量时，可以利用电动汽车原有的装置，比如附件耗能设备来回收电机制动所产生的能量，使得电池不可回收能量时也能够进行再生制动，提高了制动的安全性。
id-US10399454B2    abstract-A vehicle power supply apparatus includes a motor generator, a first electricity storage device, a second electricity storage device, a switch, a switch controller, and an electricity storage device determiner. The switch controller is configured to cause the first cutoff state of the switch, switchable between a first electrically conductive state that allows the motor generator and the first electricity storage device to be coupled to each other and a first cutoff state that allows the motor generator and the first electricity storage device to be isolated from each other, to be maintained in a situation where the first electricity storage device discharges beyond a threshold, on a condition that the switch is switched to the first cutoff state in accordance with controlling of the motor generator into a powering state and the second electricity storage device is determined as being in an abnormal state.
id-US9834206B1    abstract-A hybrid drive system has a battery and a combustion engine for energy sources. The system has a traction motor, a generator, a variable voltage converter (VVC), a motor inverter, a generator inverter, a bus coupling the VVC to the inverters, and a controller. The controller regulates engine speed, motor torque, and generator torque. The engine speed is determined according to a driver torque demand. In normal conditions, 1) the controller regulates the engine speed by modifying a generator torque command, and 2) the bus voltage is regulated using the VVC and battery. When the controller detects a fault in which the battery and VVC become unavailable for regulating the bus voltage, then the controller regulates a motor inverter power output to match a sum of a generator inverter power output and an estimated power loss of the inverters in order to regulate the bus voltage.
id-CN108574262A    abstract-一种电气系统包括直流(DC)电压总线、向DC电压总线提供电源电压的电源、连接到电源的电机、位于电源和电机之间并包括能量耗散元件的反向电流保护(RCP)电路，以及控制器。作为相关方法的一部分，当电机的感应电压超过电压总线的电压电平时，控制器检测电流从电机流向电源的反向电流状态。控制器向RCP电路发送控制信号，以在反向电流状态的持续时间或等于或大于反向电流状态的持续时间的预定持续时间内引导电流通过能量耗散元件。
id-DE102018105224A1    abstract-Es werden Verfahren und Systeme zum Betreiben einer Kraftübertragung eines Hybridfahrzeugs bereitgestellt und beschrieben, die einen Verbrennungsmotor, eine elektrische Maschine einer Heckantriebseinheit, einen integrierten Anlasser/Generator und ein Getriebe beinhalten. In einem Beispiel kann das Laden einer Speichervorrichtung für elektrische Energie zwischen der elektrischen Maschine der Heckantriebseinheit und dem integrierten Anlasser/Generator zugewiesen werden, um die in der Speichervorrichtung für elektrische Energie gespeicherte Energie zu erhöhen.
id-US20180281597A1    abstract-Systems of an electrical vehicle and the operations thereof are provided. Embodiments include an electric vehicle, rechargeable electric vehicle, and/or hybrid-electric vehicle and associated systems. The electric vehicle includes redundant vehicle control systems that monitor each other to prevent a dangerous reduction or change in torque to the electric motor(s). By monitoring each other, the redundant VCUs can ensure that a failure of the opposite VCU does not endanger the vehicle and may be shut down when the opposite VCU when the VCU's behavior is outside acceptable operating circumstances.
id-US20180251118A1    abstract-A system for increasing fuel efficiency of a vehicle includes a power source designed to convert a fuel into power and an input device designed to receive user input corresponding to a request to operate in a constant power mode. The system further includes at least one sensor designed to detect vehicle data corresponding to a current power of the power source and a memory designed to store an upper power threshold and a lower power threshold. The system further includes an electronic control unit (ECU) that is designed to determine the current power of the power source based on the detected vehicle data and to control the power source such that the current power remains between the upper power threshold and the lower power threshold when the user input corresponds to the request to operate in the constant power mode.
id-JP2018148715A    abstract-【課題】回転角センサの異常時にシフトレンジを適切に切り替え可能であるシフトレンジ制御装置を提供する。 【解決手段】シフトレンジ制御装置４０の異常判定部８１は、モータ１０の回転角度を検出するエンコーダ１３の異常を検出する。正常時制御部５１は、エンコーダ１３が正常である場合、エンコーダ１３の検出値を用いてモータ１０の駆動を制御する。異常時制御部８２は、エンコーダ１３が異常である場合、エンコーダ１３の検出値を用いず、通電相切替期間ごとに通電相を切り替える異常時制御であるオープン駆動制御を行う。異常時制御部８２は、１つの相において同一方向への通電が継続される通電継続期間の少なくとも一部において、デューティが１００％より小さい電流低減期間を設ける。これにより、エンコーダ１３の異常時において、要求シフトレンジに応じた目標位置までモータ１０を適切に回転させることができる。 【選択図】図４
id-CN107139730A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车能量回收方法及装置，属于电动汽车领域。包括：在电动汽车行驶过程中，获取电动汽车的实时车速、制动信号和工况，所述工况用于反映所述电动汽车所属环境；根据电动汽车的实时车速、制动信号和工况，确定所述电动汽车的能量回收力；根据所述能量回收力进行能量回收。本发明有效地提高了电动汽车能量回收方法的灵活性。本发明用于电动汽车的能量回收。
id-CN108656956B    abstract-本申请提供了一种电动汽车制动方法、系统及电动汽车。其中，所述电动汽车制动方法包括如下步骤：确定制动踏板的当前位置；根据制动踏板的位置与需求减速度的线性对应关系，确定当前位置对应的当前需求减速度；根据当前需求减速度，分配当前需求电制动力矩和当前需求机械制动力矩；以及根据当前需求电制动力矩和当前需求机械制动力矩联合制动电动汽车。通过本申请实施例提供的电动汽车制动方法、系统及电动汽车，使得制动踏板的位置和行车的执行减速度尽可能成线性关系，使汽车制动的操控性更好，而且将电制动和机械制动联合起来制动电动汽车，能有效提高制动效能。
id-CN108621803A    abstract-本发明提供了一种用于控制环保车辆的再生制动的服务器和方法。用于自动地控制环保车辆的再生制动的服务器和方法通过考虑车辆的行驶信息和行驶环境，利用再生制动控制服务器来计算再生制动水平。将计算出的再生制动水平发送至安装在车辆中的再生制动控制装置，因此，即便车辆驾驶员不直接地设定再生制动水平，仍通过车辆的再生制动控制装置来接收从再生制动控制服务器发送的再生制动水平，以执行再生制动，从而提高了驾驶便利性和稳定性、以及燃料效率。
id-CN108621820A    abstract-一种电池控制装置和电池控制系统，抑制在行驶期间析出反应参与物质这一情况。电池控制装置(10)具备位置信息取得部(12)、析出风险地点存储部(14)、判定部(16)以及析出抑制模式执行部(18)。位置信息取得部(12)是取得车辆(100)的位置信息的处理部。在析出风险地点存储部(14)中存储有析出风险地点。判定部(16)基于由位置信息取得部(12)取得的车辆(100)的位置信息来判定是否通过存储于析出风险地点存储部(14)的析出风险地点。析出抑制模式执行部(18)在判定为通过析出风险地点的情况下，基于预先确定的析出抑制模式来控制电池(102)。
id-US10500972B2    abstract-In a permanent magnet synchronous motor drive system, phase currents can be used to calculate a current that produces no shaft torque and only motor losses and a current that only produces shaft torque. These currents can be controlled to be resupplied into the motor drive system to a desired amount on a continuous basis to maintain a DC energy storage device voltage at a desired safe level. The calculated currents are resupplied to the motor drive system such that voltage levels within the DC energy storage device that approach a voltage maximum limit are transferred to the motor in the form of current that is dissipated by the motor without losing efficiency and control of driving a load with the motor.
id-DE102017204466A1    abstract-Die Erfindung geht aus von einem Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Fahrzeugs (1), einem Steuergerät (5) und einem Fahrzeug (1), aufweisend einen Verbrennungsmotor (2), mindestens einen Elektromotor (3), eine Traktionsbatterie (4) und ein Steuergerät (5),wobei eine voraussichtliche Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeit (v) und ein voraussichtliches Streckenprofil (x) verwendet werden, um eine daraus resultierende Änderung eines Ladezustands (SoC) der Traktionsbatterie (4) zu bestimmen und einen Sollwert für den Ladezustand (SoC) festzulegen,wobei der Sollwert für den Ladezustand (SoC) zur Ansteuerung des Elektromotors (3) und/oder des Verbrennungsmotors (2) verwendet wird,wobei eine Leistung (P) des Elektromotors (3) zumindest zeitweise konstant gehalten wird.
id-WO2018172102A1    abstract-A system for and a method of managing and controlling the speed of a vehicle, comprising the following steps of: - estimating a length of a route to follow, - measuring an energy capacity of a vehicle, - calculating a maximum energy consumption per unit of length on the basis of the estimated length and of the measured energy capacity and - modulating the instantaneous travel speed of the vehicle so that the instantaneous energy consumption of the vehicle in motion is substantially equal to or less than the calculated maximum energy consumption for each section of the route.
id-CN107139732B    abstract-本发明公开了一种同步电机能量回馈保护方法以及系统，方法包括：对路况进行预先侦测；根据侦测到的路况对电机能量回馈进行预测；根据预测结果确定能量回馈风险的等级，并根据所述能量回馈风险的等级对电机输入功率进行控制。本发明通过提前对路况进行侦测，再根据侦测到的路况对电机能量回馈进行预测，进而可以对发生故障的潜在危险道路进行识别，并根据预测结果确定能量回馈风险的等级，并根据所述能量回馈风险的等级对电机输入功率进行控制，进而可以减少同步电机在能量回馈时所产生的危险。
id-DE102017204248A1    abstract-Offenbart wird ein elektrothermischer Wandler (WD) zum Umwandeln elektrischer Energie in thermischer Energie, umfassend: - einen Kühlkörper (KK) mit mindestens einem Kühlkanal (KN) zum Durchleiten eines Kühlmediums oder mindestens einer Wärmeabgabefläche zur Abgabe der Wärme an ein Kühlmedium, das an der mindestens einen Wärmeabgabefläche vorbeigeführt wird; - eine elektrische Isolierschicht (IS), welche auf einer Oberfläche (OF1) des Kühlkörpers (KK) ausgebildet ist; - mindestens einen Heizleiter (HL), welcher auf einer von dem Kühlkörper (KK) abgewandten Oberfläche (OF2) der Isolierschicht (IS) durch thermisches Spritzen und anschließendes Lasertrimmen ausgebildet ist; - mindestens zwei Anschlussrahmen (AR1, AR2) zum elektrischen Anschließen des mindestens einen Heizleiters (HL), welche voneinander räumlich getrennt ausgebildet sind und mit dem mindestens einen Heizleiter (HL) elektrisch und körperlich verbunden sind.
id-CN106627169A    abstract-本发明提供了一种供能系统及新能源汽车，涉及新能源汽车技术领域，为解决电动汽车续航能力较差的问题。所述供能系统包括：电能供应单元，以及分别与电能供应单元连接以为电能供应单元充电的风能单元、光能单元、惯能单元和刹车能单元。电能供应单元包括电池组，风能单元包括风能发电机，光能单元包括光能发电板，惯能单元包括与汽车的电动机主轴连接的惯能发电机，刹车能单元包括与汽车的后轮轴连接的刹车能发电机。所述供能系统应用于新能源汽车中，利用风能单元、光能单元、惯能单元和刹车能单元为电能供应单元补充电力，利用电能供应单元为新能源汽车的发电机供电，从而增强了新能源汽车的续航能力。
id-DE102017003082A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Dauerbremsvorrichtung für ein Fahrzeug. Die Erfindung betrifft ferner ein Kraftfahrzeug mit einer solchen Dauerbremsvorrichtung, insbesondere einen durch ein Zugfahrzeug und ein Anhängerfahrzeug gebildeten Fahrzeugverband, wobei das Anhängerfahrzeug ein Sattelauflieger und/oder ein Anhänger ist. Die Dauerbremsvorrichtung (100) für ein Kraftfahrzeug umfasst eine Dauerbremse (1); eine Eingabeeinrichtung (2), mittels derer eine Fahrzeug-Verzögerungsanforderung (10) einstellbar ist, insbesondere in Stufen einstellbar ist; und eine Dauerbremsen-Steuereinrichtung (3) zur Ansteuerung der Dauerbremse (1). Die Dauerbremsen-Steuereinrichtung (3) ist ausgebildet , in Abhängigkeit von der eingestellten Fahrzeug-Verzögerungsanforderung (10) eine Dauerbremsen-Bremsanforderung (11, 12), die ein von der Dauerbremse (1) aufzubringendes Dauerbremsen-Bremsmoment (40) kodiert, zu bestimmen. Die Dauerbremse (1) weist mindestens eine zum rekuperativen Bremsen ausgeführte elektrische Maschine (6) auf.
id-CN108621777B    abstract-本发明涉及混合动力车辆及其控制方法。控制发动机和升降压转换器，使得在第一逆变器和第二逆变器的栅极切断并且发动机运转的特定行驶期间当加速器开启时，第一马达的反电动势电压变得高于第一逆变器和第二逆变器的直流侧电压，由此通过行星齿轮组将用于向前行驶的转矩从第一马达输出到驱动轴。控制发动机和升降压转换器，使得在特定行驶期间当加速器关闭时，与当加速器开启时相比，第一马达的转速变小，并且高电压侧电力线的电压变低。
id-DE102017204000A1    abstract-Bei einem Verfahren (B) zur Antiblockierregelung eines Fahrzeugs (1), laufen während eines Bremsvorgangs folgende Schritte aba. wenigstens einer der Elektromotoren (4) baut ein Rekuperationsmoment (R) an wenigstens einem der Räder auf bis ein maximales Rekuperationsmoment (Rmax) erreicht ist,b. ein Bremsmoment (H) der hydraulischen Bremsanlage (2) wird aufgebaut bis ein Sollschlupf an diesem wenigstens einen der Räder erreicht ist,c. der wenigstens eine der Elektromotoren (4) regelt an diesem wenigstens einen der Räder den Sollschlupf ein und der wenigstens eine der Elektromotoren (4) wird um einen Betrag auf ein Rekuperationsmoment (R) zurückgeregelt, welches im Intervall, [1/2 maximales Rekuperationsmoment; maximales Rekuperationsmoment[ liegt und das Bremsmoment (H) der hydraulischen Bremsanlage (2) wird um den gleichen Betrag erhöht, undd. der Sollschlupf an diesem wenigstens einen der Räder wird stationär geregelt mittels des wenigstens einen Elektromotors (4).
id-US20200119679A1    abstract-A system for reducing a resonant oscillation on a direct current bus is disclosed. The system includes a battery, a first capacitor connected in parallel with the battery, and an inductor connected in series with the first capacitor. The system also includes a first element connected in series with the inductor, a second element connected in parallel with the inductor and the first element, and a second capacitor connected in series with the first element. The system also includes an electric machine connected to the second capacitor. During a re-generation mode for charging the battery, a re-generation current o flows from the electric machine to the battery, passing through the first element and the inductor and bypassing the second element. Additionally, during a motor mode, a motor current flows from the battery to the electric machine, passing through the second element and bypassing the first element and the inductor.
id-DE102017204200A1    abstract-Ein Antriebsstrang für ein elektrisch betriebenes Fahrzeug, mit einem Elektromotor (20), hat einen ersten Energiespeicher (12) und einen zweiten Energiespeicher (14), die jeweils mit dem Elektromotor (20) elektrisch verbunden sind, einen ersten Wechselrichter (16) und einen zweiten Wechselrichter (18). Der erste Wechselrichter (16) ist zwischen dem ersten Energiespeicher (12) und dem Elektromotor (20) vorgesehen, und der zweite Wechselrichter (18) ist zwischen dem zweiten Energiespeicher (14) und dem Elektromotor (20) vorgesehen. Ferner ist ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Antriebsstrangs (10) gezeigt.
id-CN106864273A    abstract-本发明涉及一种制动能量回收值确定方法和装置、及能量回收系统和方法，其制动能量回收值确定方法包括：在整车制动时获取主缸制动液的当前压力值和车轮的当前旋转速度值；根据当前压力值和当前旋转速度值确定目标制动能量回收值。其制动能量回收方法包括：在整车制动时，主缸压力传感器采集主缸制动液的当前压力值，车轮旋转速度传感器采集车轮的当前旋转速度值；ECU系统根据当前压力值和当前旋转速度值确定目标制动能量回收值；电机控制器根据目标制动能量值对电机进行控制并发电，发电产生的电能被转化成化学能存储在电池中。采用本发明的方案，不需要增加行程传感器及相关配件，并提升能量回收值准确性。
id-DE102017204270A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum variablen Einstellen eines Rekuperationsanteils in Abhängigkeit von Verkehrssituationen, die besonders zuverlässig erfasst werden. Ferner betrifft die vorliegende Erfindung ein entsprechend eingerichtetes Rekuperationssystem. Darüber hinaus wird ein Computerprogrammprodukt mit Steuerbefehlen vorgeschlagen, welche das Verfahren implementieren beziehungsweise die vorgeschlagene Systemanordnung betreiben.
id-CN106828117A    abstract-用于在汽车制动时进行能量回收的装置，涉及汽车节能技术领域，其包括发电机、超级电容器模块、密闭式隔膜电解槽、阴极、阳极、水箱以及用于连接发动机进气歧管的输气管；密闭式隔膜电解槽中设有隔膜，隔膜将密闭式隔膜电解槽的内腔分隔成氢气产生腔和氧气产生腔，阴极和阳极均与超级电容器模块电连接，阴极设于氢气产生腔内，阳极设于氧气产生腔内，隔膜底部开口使得氢气产生腔和氧气产生腔底部相通，发电机用于给超级电容器模块充电且其输入轴上设有带电控离合器的皮带轮，输气管与氢气产生腔相通，输气管上设有电磁流量阀，输气管的前端还设有防回火装置，水箱设于隔膜电解槽的上方，水箱与密闭式隔膜电解槽之间通过水管连接，水管的底端伸至密闭式隔膜电解槽的底部。
id-JP2018161017A    abstract-【課題】巻線界磁式回転電機において界磁電流を適正に制御する。【解決手段】回転電機ユニット２０は、電機子巻線及び界磁巻線を有する回転電機２１と、複数のスイッチング素子を有し当該スイッチング素子のオンオフに応じて界磁巻線を通電させる界磁回路２３とを備え、発電機能及び力行機能の少なくともいずれかを有する。回転電機ＥＣＵ２４は、パルス幅変調を用いた界磁電流制御によりスイッチング素子のオンオフを制御する。回転電機ＥＣＵ２４は、回転電機２１の動作時において、回転電機２１の状態に基づいて、パルス幅変調のキャリア信号の周波数であるキャリア周波数を設定する設定部と、設定部により設定したキャリア周波数を用いたパルス幅変調により界磁電流を制御する制御部と、を備える。【選択図】 図１
id-CN106985653B    abstract-本发明公开了一种车辆复合能源供给系统及方法，该系统包括：太阳能电池模块、蓄电池模块、输入转换模块、DC‑AC逆变器、牵引电机、飞轮模块、以及控制模块；在车辆运行时，由飞轮模块向车辆提供驱动功率；控制模块获取车辆运行状态、飞轮模块的输出参数、太阳能电池模块及蓄电池模块的剩余电量，根据输出参数确定飞轮模块所能提供的最大功率，并在飞轮模块输出的最大功率小于车辆所需驱动功率时，控制输入转换模块将太阳能电池模块和/或蓄电池模块输出的直流电接入DC‑AC逆变器；DC‑AC逆变器将所述直流电转换成交流电驱动牵引电机。本发明可以降低车辆对环境产生的污染，提高能源使用效率，增加车辆续驶里程。
id-US10518831B2    abstract-Provided are self-powered actively steerable converter dollies (SPASCDs) for long combination vehicles (LCVs), LCVs utilizing SPASCDs, and methods of operating such LCVs. These SPASCDs could be used with conventional tractors and/or specifically configured tractors. A SPASCD may include an electrical drive, which can generate power (e.g., to charge SPASCD's battery) or generate torque using the electrical power stored in SPASCD's battery (e.g., to assist the tractor during acceleration or going uphill). The SPASCD also comprises steerable wheels and a steering component, configured to change the steering angle of the steerable wheels. The steering angle may be changed in response to various inputs, such as the steering angle of the tractor's front steerable wheels, the steering angle of the steerable wheels of another trailer in the same LCV, sensor inputs, and the like. This steering feature allows change the track of the SPASCD, e.g., to follow the tractor's track.
id-US11325600B2    abstract-The present invention provides a vehicle control method capable of suppressing an increase in the frequency of stopping and restarting of the engine when the braking device is activated at the self-driving mode. When the operation mode is set as self-driving, the braking device is activated in accordance with a system deceleration request to keep an actual vehicle-speed at a target vehicle-speed or change the actual vehicle-speed at the target vehicle-speed or lower depending on environment surrounding the vehicle. Further, a braking amount is estimated, the braking amount is a magnitude of a braking force generated from the activated braking device. When the braking amount is an engine-stopping enabling threshold or more, enabling stopping is allowed. When the braking amount is less than the engine-stopping enabling threshold, enabling stopping is not allowed.
id-US10618421B2    abstract-A fuel cell system to be mounted on a vehicle includes: a fuel cell for generating electric power by using reactant gas; a secondary battery capable of charging and discharging electric power; a converter electrically connected between a drive motor for driving the vehicle and the secondary battery to perform voltage conversion between the drive motor and the secondary battery; and a controller for controlling the fuel cell system. The controller exerts such control that when an accelerator for accepting a speed control instruction for the vehicle has accepted a deceleration instruction under a condition that a charge rate of the secondary battery is equal to or more than a preset value, or when the accelerator has accepted a deceleration instruction under a condition that a chargeable electric power of the secondary battery is equal to or less than a preset value, electric power is discharged from the secondary battery during a period of power-running operation lasting until the drive motor with its torque being decreased shifts to regenerative operation. Thus, increases in frequency at which the auxiliary machine is operated to consume regenerative power can be suppressed.
id-US11021153B2    abstract-A control apparatus of an electric vehicle including a motor capable of outputting a vehicle driving force that is a driving force acting on the electric vehicle, and a brake device configured to generate a vehicle braking force that is a braking force acting on the electric vehicle in accordance with a brake operation performed by a driver, includes: a controller. The controller is configured to start a first hill-hold control for maintaining the electric vehicle in a stopped state by using the vehicle driving force generated by the motor as a stopping force for stopping the electric vehicle when the brake operation is interrupted.
id-CN108749992B    abstract-用于电动自行车的电机式附加驱动器(11)以如下方式避免由于在不同齿轮副之间的切换而引起的不舒适的变速级差，即，实现由踏板曲轴(12)和由辅助电机(21)经由行星齿轮传动装置(15)被传递到从动轮(14)上的转矩的无级可变的变速。辅助电机(21)和曲轴(12)二者为此均经由行星架(16)、后者经由自由轮(19)、和中心轮23驱动从动空心轴(13)。为了改变变速比例，除了行星齿轮传动装置的三个同中心的轴线的两个可自由转动的轴(28)以外，此时齿圈(24)围绕第三轴线(28)的旋转同样不再被固定，而是被动地可变地被制动或转速调节地主动地被驱动。
id-CN106965697A    abstract-本发明涉及一种基于HMI的混合动力车辆能量回收控制系统以及控制方法，属于电动汽车的技术领域。本发明的控制系统包括能量回收单元、动力电池单元、整车控制器和人机接口；能量回收单元包括制动能量回收模块和滑行能量回收模块；动力电池单元包括动力电池和电池管理系统；整车控制器根据HMI输入的指令对能量回收强度控制，并且判断车辆是否处于禁止能量回收的状态以及动力电池单元是否处于可以被充电的状态；人机接口用于向所述整车控制器发送能量回收控制指令。本发明的混合动力车辆能量回收控制系统能够可实现能量回收强度的精确控制，而且无需增加硬件设备，成本较低，而且用户体验良好。
id-US10308120B2    abstract-An autonomous or semi-autonomous vehicle is provided that is capable of braking itself without a driver depressing the brake pedal. The vehicle has a powertrain that includes an engine, a transmission, and a motor with a connected battery to provide regenerative braking capabilities. Friction brakes are provided to apply when necessary, such as when the battery has a high state of charge and further regenerative braking would overcharge the battery. The braking may be activated in response to a sensor detecting a distance to an object in front of the vehicle. A vehicle controller is programmed to automatically control amounts of regenerative braking and friction braking during a braking event based on a comparison between a regenerative torque limit of the powertrain and a desired brake torque over the brake event to safely brake the vehicle during the brake event.
id-US20200156771A1    abstract-An electric hydraulic motor system for aircraft having at least a taxing and takeoff mode. While in the taxiing and takeoff mode, a battery and optionally other sources of energy stored within the aircraft together provide energy to drive an electric motor, which in turn drives a hydraulic pump creating hydraulic pressure within the aircraft hydraulic system. The increase in hydraulic pressure within the system actuates a hydraulic motor connected to the aircraft wheels, thereby providing rotation to the wheels of the aircraft, moving the aircraft forward.
id-CN107054156A    abstract-本公开涉及一种电驱动车辆制动控制方法、装置及电驱动车辆，涉及车辆领域。该方法包括获取当前制动需求、当前电机能够提供的反拖制动力和车速；根据所述当前制动需求、所述当前电机能够提供的反拖制动力和所述车速，向相应的制动执行机构分配制动力。这样，就能够在使电驱动车辆不增加机械构件的基础上，实现制动能量的回收达到最大化。
id-CN106926710A    abstract-本发明涉及一种电动汽车的再生制动能量回收系统和控制方法，属于电动汽车的技术领域。本发明的能量回收系统和控制方法，通过整车控制器判断加速踏板的开度值是否大于预设开度门限值，如果大于，基于加速踏板的开度值和转速计算驱动扭矩进行驱动控制；如果不大于，整车控制器基于加速踏板的开度值和转速计算回馈扭矩，并将回馈扭矩发送到电机控制器；电机控制器用于控制所述驱动电机发电并向动力电池输出充电电流。本发明的系统不改变现有机械制动系统结构，成本无增加，而通过加速踏板控制电机回馈扭矩能更大限度的实现制动能量回馈，使得再生制动回收率得到显著提升；而且可实现通过加速踏板对回馈扭矩大小进行动态控制。
id-CN107089164A    abstract-本发明公开了纯电动汽车动力总成系统匹配方法，其中，该方法包括：根据整车动力性目标确定驱动电机和动力电池的性能指标，以及根据续驶里程目标确定动力电池的能量指标，性能指标识别及能量指标识别是动力系统匹配必须确定的参数，有了这些参数可基本确定驱动电机和动力电池的尺寸、预估成本，然后，分别对驱动电机和动力电池的性能指标进行动力性匹配，动力性匹配可以保障动力性能可以满足设计要求，接着，对动力电池的能量指标进行经济性匹配。利用本发明可以高效且准确地确定纯电动汽车动力总成系统的关键性能参数及其取值。
id-CN110650861A    abstract-一种用于控制车辆(100)的再生制动扭矩的方法(300)，车辆(100)包括至少一个第一车轴和至少一个第二车轴，其中，在至少一个第一车轴上安装有车辆(100)的至少一个第一移动构件(R1)，在至少一个第二车轴上安装有车辆(100)的至少一个第二移动构件(R2)；车辆(100)还包括制动系统(200)，制动系统(200)包括与所述至少一个第一车轴工作上相关联的第一组部件(201)和与所述至少一个第二车轴工作上相关联的第二组部件(201)；车辆(100)包括至少一个牵引和再生制动供应模块(203)，其被配置成向车辆(100)所设置的一个或多个再生制动扭矩致动模块提供再生制动扭矩；车辆(100)还包括电池模块(2)和工作上连接至：所述至少一个牵引和再生制动供应模块(203)、制动系统(200)的第一组部件(201)、制动系统(200)的第二组部件(202)的至少一个数据处理单元(204)，方法(300)包括以下步骤：通过至少一个数据处理单元(204)检测(301)表示车辆(100)的减速请求的第一信息；通过至少一个数据处理单元(204)检测(302)表示车辆(100)、车辆(100)的第一移动构件(R1)和车辆(100)的第二移动构件(R2)中的至少一者的速度的第二信息；通过至少一个数据处理单元(204)确定(303)制动系统(200)的与所述至少一个第一车轴工作上相关联的第一组部件(201)中的至少一个部件的第一温度值；通过至少一个数据处理单元(204)确定(304)制动系统(200)的与所述至少一个第二车轴工作上相关联的第二组部件(202)中的至少一个部件的第二温度值；通过至少一个数据处理单元(204)确定(305)表示电池模块(205)和所述至少一个牵引和再生制动供应模块(203)中的至少一者的状态的第三信息；通过至少一个数据处理单元(204)基于第一信息、第一温度值和第二温度值确定(306)第一车轴和第二车轴之间的再生制动动力动态分配比；通过至少一个数据处理单元(204)基于所确定的再生制动动力动态分配比、第二信息和第三信息确定(307)待施加到第一车轴的第一再生制动扭矩值和待施加到第二车轴的第二再生制动扭矩值；通过至少一个数据处理单元(204)向所述至少一个牵引和再生制动供应模块(203)提供(308)第一再生制动扭矩值和第二再生制动扭矩值。
id-CN107054141A    abstract-具有弹性储能机构的燃料电池混合动力系统及其控制方法,属于燃料电池汽车系统设计与控制技术领域。解决了现有的燃料电池混合动力系统燃料电池利用效率偏低以及制动能量利用率低的问题。本发明在原有燃料电池混合动力系统基础上增加了弹性储能机构，按照本发明的控制方法进行切换，可以有效的回收动力系统在刹车或减速阶段的制动能量；此外，采用逻辑门现控制方法对驱动阶段功率分配，能够有效的回收汽车减速/制动阶段的制动能量，同时使燃料电池工作在高效工作区实现燃料电池混合动力汽车的最优控制。本发明适用于混合动力系统储能及能量分配使用。
id-CN106965683A    abstract-带有涡簧发电机构的电动汽车复合储能系统及其能量分配方法，属于汽车驱动与控制技术领域。解决了现有电动汽车仅采用电池供电不仅供电时间短且电池长期处于充放电过程造成电池的使用寿命严重缩短的问题与涡簧式储能装置功能过程中存在能量密度低的问题。本发明系统处于输入功率状态时，根据涡簧发电机构主轴旋转位置a优先的将再生制动能量为涡簧发电机构充能。在系统处于输出功率状态时，锂离子电池组优选地提供设定的阈值功率P thr ，当涡簧发电机构主轴旋转位置a小于设定涡簧发电机构主轴旋转阈值位置a thr 时，锂离子电池组同时要满足需求功率P dem 和为涡簧发电机构充能的充能功率P ch 。本发明适用于电动汽车复合储能及能量分配使用。
id-US20180312206A1    abstract-A system for and method of utilizing and generating electrical power is provided. The trailer assist system is configured to engage with a trailer of a tractor trailer or other vehicle, thereby converting the vehicle into a hybrid vehicle and/or a power generation vehicle as the vehicle travels along a road. The trailer assist system includes one or more drive wheel for selective engagement with the road, an electrical motor being selectively configured to provide power to the drive wheel and a regenerative braking system being selectively configured to generate power from the drive wheel. Retractable positioning wheels are selectively deployed to assist in moving the trailer assist into and out of position relative to a trailer, thereby facilitating exchanging one trailer assist system for another trailer assist system. A control system utilizes information from one or more sensor to optimize performance of the trailer assist system.
id-CN110520338A    abstract-车辆的制动控制装置应用于具备电动停车制动装置、液压制动装置、以及再生制动装置的车辆。制动控制装置具备第一制动控制部和第二制动控制部。当在车辆行驶中进行了停车制动操作时，第一制动控制部实施通过液压制动装置的工作来增大针对车辆的制动力的第一制动处理。在第一制动处理被实施的状况下有增大针对车辆的制动力的请求时，第二制动控制部实施通过再生制动装置的工作来增大针对车辆的制动力的第二制动处理。
id-WO2018184868A2    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Containerterminal, insbesondere in Form einer Hafenanlage, mit mindestens einem schienengebundenen Containerkran (1), wobei das Containerterminal ein Mittelspannungsnetz (6, 7) aufweist, an das mindestens eine Umspannungseinheit (5) angeschlossen ist, und die Umspannungseinheit (5) die Mittelspannung (MU) des Mittelspannungsnetzes (6, 7) in eine Niederspannung (NU) umwandelt, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass die Niederspannung (NU) über mindestens eine Stromschiene (2) einem schienengebundenen Kran (1) zugeführt ist und zu dessen elektrischer Versorgung dient.
id-WO2018190021A1    abstract-ブレーキ減速要求時に回生ブレーキ力が増減変化するとき、運転性の向上を達成すること。　駆動源にモータ/ジェネレータ（３）を有するＦＦハイブリッド車両の制御方法において、ブレーキ減速要求時、目標減速駆動力をコースト回生・ブレーキ協調回生・メカブレーキにて実現し、回生ブレーキ力を、コースト回生量とブレーキ協調回生量の和とする。回生ブレーキ力が増減変化するとき、メカブレーキ力応答速度＞回生ブレーキ力変化速度になるように、回生ブレーキ力の変化勾配を制限する。そして、ブレーキ減速中、制動スリップの発生に基づいて回生ブレーキ力を低下させる低μ路制御が開始されると、回生ブレーキ力の低下勾配を制限勾配（Ｋ）に保つ制御とする。
id-US20180312157A1    abstract-A first, and second twin AC inverters for a hybrid vehicle, whereby, the first and second inverters having a first, and second twin AC hard wire terminal blocks, a cool-down C-D process, and a conventional Engine Control Unit computerized remote-control drive system, whereby, being capable of activating the twin AC terminal blocks for Freeway speed, hills, faster acceleration, and a hybrid vehicle momentum regenerative braking kinetic energy process for: charging a battery-pack, and multiple batteries. The computer being capable of activating the first terminal block, when the cool-down process is to end, and deactivating the second terminal block, when the cool-down process is to began. The Computer is capable of activating the first, or second terminal blocks, whereby, for operating in conjunction with one another for the Freeway speed for charging the battery-pack, including multiple batteries with respect to the above modification.
id-CN107031447B    abstract-基于弹性储能的增程式电动汽车储能结构及能量分配方法，涉及一种电动汽车储能结构及能量分配方法。解决了现有电动汽车结构复杂且效率较低的问题。本发明采用了机械结构弹性储能器对电动汽车的制动能量进行了回收，提高了回收的效率，同时简化了制动回收的控制策略；利用弹性储能器储存的能量，通过相应的控制方法，提高了电动汽车运行的稳定性。本发明适用于电动汽车的能量分配使用。
id-CN107097663A    abstract-基于弹性储能的增程式电动汽车储能结构及能量控制方法，涉及一种电动汽车储能结构及能量控制方法。解决了现有电动汽车结构复杂且效率较低的问题。本发明采用了机械结构弹性储能器对电动汽车的制动能量进行了回收，提高了回收的效率，同时简化了制动回收的控制策略；利用弹性储能器储存的能量，通过相应的控制方法，提高了电动汽车运行的稳定性。本发明适用于电动汽车的能量控制使用。
id-CN107097764A    abstract-一种车辆液压、轮毂电机复合制动能量回收系统，蓄电池与安装在前轮上的轮毂电机连接；轮毂电机通过悬架与车身上的输入轴相连；动力耦合器通过第一传动轴连接驱动桥，动力耦合器通过第二传动轴与二次元件泵/马达连接，第二传动轴上设置有电磁离合器；二次元件泵/马达通过管路与液压油箱相连；蓄能器通过三位四通换向阀与二次元件泵/马达连接，且蓄能器与三位四通阀、二次元件泵/马达与三位四通阀之间均通过液压管道相连；二次元件泵/马达变量泵通过液压管道安装在液压油箱上。
id-JP2018184059A    abstract-【課題】第１，第２インバータのシャットダウンとエンジンの運転とを伴って走行する所定走行時にアクセル操作量が所定操作量以上になった場合において、第１モータの回転数が所定回転数以下であるときには、第１モータの回転数をより迅速に所定回転数より高くする。【解決手段】前記第１，第２インバータのシャットダウンとエンジンの運転とを伴って走行する所定走行時に、アクセル操作量が所定操作量以上になった場合において、第１モータの回転数が所定回転数以下であるときには、第２インバータを三相オンする。これにより、第１モータの回転数をより迅速に所定回転数より高くすることができる。【選択図】図３
id-JPWO2018190022A1    abstract-エンジンブレーキと回生を併用するコースト減速中、制動スリップの介入によるショック及びリカバーハンチングを防止すること。駆動源にエンジン（１）とモータ/ジェネレータ（３）を有する。アクセル解放操作時、エンジンブレーキ分とコースト回生分を併用してコースト減速する。このＦＦハイブリッド車両の制御方法において、コースト減速中に制動スリップが介入すると、目標減速駆動力をスリップ率の上昇に応じて低下させ、目標減速駆動力の低下分をコースト回生分により分担する。コースト回生分を低下するとき、コースト回生分の低下幅を、エンジンブレーキ分までを上限として制限する。
id-CN107117040A    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于电动汽车驱动与制动系统的控制装置及控制方法，包括：电机控制器、三相电机、二极管、整流电路、超级电容、动力电池、晶闸管触发电路、电感器、继电器。驱动时，当超级电容的端电压高于三极管基极与集电极之间的电压时，继电器闭合，超级电容与动力电池一起驱动电机转动，当超级电容的端电压低于三极管基极与集电极之间的电压时，继电器断开，此时仅由动力电池单独驱动。制动时，电机的三相电经过电感器由晶闸管与二极管组成的整流电路直接对超级电容进行充电。本发明在驱动时能够减少动力电池的能量输出以及防止低电压时的超级电容的放电，制动时采用带有晶闸管的整流电路能够减小回收能量的消耗。
id-US20180312066A1    abstract-The invention being presented uses the motors already included in an electric vehicle to charge its batteries while in tow. The charging process provided by the invention is compatible with the charging speed of current battery technology. It will provide an effective way of charging vehicles in theater, when other sources of electrical energy may not be available.      Moreover, the proposed system can actually extend the brake life of the towing vehicle and improve performance boundaries of the overall system.
id-CN107253438A    abstract-本发明实施方式公开了一种混合动力汽车的四轮驱动系统和混合动力汽车。四轮驱动系统包括：包含发动机的前轮驱动子系统，用于基于发动机驱动前轮运动以推进混合动力汽车；包含液压泵马达的后轮驱动子系统，用于当液压泵马达工作在液压马达工况时驱动后轮运动以推进混合动力汽车，并当液压泵马达工作在液压泵工况时存储制动能量。本发明实施方式在已有的发动机驱动系统之外，还设置液压驱动子系统以实现四轮驱动，提高了动力性和能耗指标优化空间，而且实现了低成本、高效率和高制动能量。
id-DE102017205632A1    abstract-Verfahren zum Betrieb eines Kraftfahrzeugs (1) umfassend eine Betriebsbremseinrichtung (2) mit mehreren Radbremsen (6) jeweils umfassend gegeneinander drückbare Reibelemente, sowie wenigstens eine elektrische Maschine (7), die in einen Generatorbetrieb zur Funktion als Rekuperationsbremseinrichtung schaltbar ist, wobei zur Durchführung eines Einbremsverfahrens der Betriebsbremseinrichtung (2) der Rekuperationsgrad der Rekuperationsbremseinrichtung temporär zumindest reduziert wird, so dass zur Erwirkung eines Bremsvorgangs die Betriebsbremseinrichtung (2) in erhöhtem Maß zu betätigen ist.
id-CN107020958A    abstract-本发明属于新能源汽车能量回收技术领域，公开了一种新能源汽车能量回收控制装置、控制方法及新能源汽车，包括安装在新能源汽车底架上的制动系统、控制系统、充电系统和储电电池组：所述制动系统包括起落架、及与所述起落架连接的回收固定锁控器、升降电机、摩擦制动轮；所述起落架一端通过所述回收固定锁控器与所述新能源汽车底架连接，另一端通过悬臂活动轴与所述新能源汽车底架连接；所述充电系统包括依次相连的伞形齿轮、发电机电压整流器、充电器和稳压调节器，有效提高能量回收率，为新能源汽车提供了新的能量来源，同时能够保证新能源汽车的制动稳定性，具有显著的经济价值和社会价值，同时可降低汽车的振动和发热。
id-JPWO2018189891A1    abstract-コースト走行中の回生トルクの制限に伴う車両減速度の大幅な低減を防止することができ、ドライバの違和感を防止することができるハイブリッド車両の制御方法を提供すること。アクセル解放操作によるコースト走行時、エンジンクラッチ（CL1）を解放すると共に、モータジェネレータ（MG）にて発生させるコースト回生トルクを目標回生トルクにする。所定の回生制限条件が成立したとき、回生トルク上限値をモータジェネレータ（MG）で発生可能な回生トルク最大値よりも小さい値に制限する。そして、回生トルク上限値の制限開始から、この回生トルク上限値が目標回生トルクに一致するまでの間に、エンジンクラッチ（CL1）に締結指令を出力する構成とした。
id-CN106994902A    abstract-本发明公开了一种具有能量卸载装置的汽车动力系统及其控制方法，涉及新能源汽车制动系统技术领域，包括主传动系统以及辅助阻尼装置，主传动系统包括驱动机构以及车辆主传动轴，驱动机构与车辆主传动轴传动连接，车辆主传动轴与辅助阻尼装置之间通过外部辅助驱动机构可离合的传动连接，车辆主传动轴尾端连接车辆减速机构以及车辆驱动桥，车辆主传动轴与车辆减速机构的输入端传动连接，车辆驱动桥与车辆减速机构的输出端传动连接。所述具有能量卸载装置的动力汽车动力系统及其控制方法有效减小摩擦制动盘和制动片的磨损，提高制动系统的使用寿命，具有较高的实用性以及经济效益，因而在并联式混合动力客车上有者广泛的市场前景。
id-CN107176149A    abstract-本发明公开了一种适用于制动能量回收的制动踏板，包括踏板、气弹簧、平衡杆、U型连接套和液压主缸；踏板与平衡杆相连接，气弹簧设于踏板底部；U型连接套由U型段和滑孔段构成，所述U型段与平衡杆卡接，所述滑孔段与主缸活塞杆上的滑动套环套接；所述滑动套环通过螺纹与主缸活塞杆连接，主缸活塞杆上还设有用于限制滑动套环运动的螺母，滑动套环可在U型连接套的滑孔段内滑动，滑动套环靠近螺母的一端设置有限制U型连接套滑动的凸台。本发明通过U型连接套和滑动套环之间的滑动连接取代传统的刚性连接，通过螺母调节行程，取代了传统的液压系统，省去了庞大的系统，节省空间，操作简便，尤其适合可用空间狭小或成本低的制动踏板。
id-JPWO2018189896A1    abstract-ロー戻し制御時の油量不足発生の抑制を、車両減速度変化を抑えつつ達成可能な電動車両の制御装置を提供する。モータジェネレータ（ＭＧ）と左右駆動輪（ＬＴ，ＲＴ）との間に配置された無段変速機（ＣＶＴ）と、モータジェネレータ（ＭＧ）の回転数に応じて無段変速機（ＣＶＴ）に油を供給するオイルポンプ（ＯＰ）と、アクセルの解放方向操時にコースト回生トルクを発生させるモータコントローラ（１８）と、車速低減に伴い無段変速機ＣＶＴを発進用変速比（最ロー）に向けて変速するロー戻し制御を行う変速機コントローラ（１５）と、モータコントローラ（１８）に含まれ、ロー戻し制御を行っているとき、コースト回生トルクを含むモータ回生トルクを、車両減速度の変化が許容値以下となる第１の変化速度（Ｋｖ１）で減少させるモータ回生トルクカット部と、を備える電動車両の制御装置とした。
id-CN107161010A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动车电量回收方法，包括与制动踏板连接的刹车深度传感器，蓄电池组，蓄电池管理模块，整车控制器，发电机和高压断路控制器；整车控制器分别与刹车深度传感器、蓄电池管理模块、高压断路控制器和发电机电连接；高压断路控制器分别与蓄电池组和蓄电池管理模块电连接。本发明具有电量回收效果好的特点。
id-KR20170045174A    abstract-본 발명은 전륜, 또는 후륜, 또는 전륜과 후륜 모두에서 회생 제동을 실시하는 환경차량(하이브리드, 전기차, 연료전지차 등)에서 차량 안정성, 제동 성능 및 연비 향상의 특성을 모두 충족할 수 있는 새로운 형태의 회생 제동 협조 제어 시 제동력 제어 방법에 관한 것이다.
id-DE102017205881A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Bremsen eines Hybridfahrzeugs (1), wobei das Hybridfahrzeug (1) ein blendfähiges Bremssystem, welches zu einer von einer Bremspedalstellung eines Bremspedals entkoppelten Regelung einer Radbremse (2) ausgebildet ist, und einen hybriden Antriebsstrang (3) mit einem ersten Elektromotor (4), einem zweiten Elektromotor (5) sowie einem Verbrennungsmotor (6) aufweist, wobei der erste Elektromotor (4) mit dem Verbrennungsmotor (6) gekoppelt ist, wobei der zweite Elektromotor (5) mit einem Rad (7) des Hybridfahrzeugs (1) gekoppelt ist, und wobei das Bremssystem zur Erzeugung eines Dissipationsbremsmoments (D) zum Bremsen des Hybridfahrzeugs (1) ausgebildet ist. Erfindungsgemäß wird bei einem Aufkoppeln des Verbrennungsmotors (6) und ersten Elektromotors (4) mittels einer Steuervorrichtung (9) das Primärbremsmoment relativ zum Soll-Bremsmoment reduziert und/oder ein Antriebsmoment des ersten Elektromotors (4) erhöht. Ferner betrifft die Erfindung ein Hybridfahrzeug (1), welches zur Ausführung des Verfahrens ausgebildet ist.
id-CN107097684B    abstract-电动汽车弹性储能系统及能量管理方法，属于电动汽车的制动及能量回收技术领域。解决了现有电动汽车制动能量回收的效率低的问题。本发明在电动汽车制动能量回收结构系统基础上增加了弹性储能机构，按照本发明采用的逻辑门限的控制方法进行控制，可以有效的回收动力系统在刹车或减速阶段的制动能量；同时在电动汽车驱动阶段能够有效的利用汽车减速/制动阶段的回收的能量。本发明适用于电动汽车的储能及能量管理。
id-KR101979080B1    abstract-자동차의 모터에서 발생되는 전력을 회수하기 위한 전력 회수 장치 및 전력 회수 방법이 제공된다. 모터의 감속에 의해 발생되는 위상 신호는 전력 회수 장치의 공진 회로에 입력된다. 공진 회로는 제어신호에 따라 선택적 공진 동작을 수행하고, 위상 신호를 증폭한다. 공진 회로의 스위칭 동작을 제어하는 제어 신호는 배터리에 충전되는 충전 전압의 레벨에 따라 듀티비가 결정된다.
id-CN107117068B    abstract-一种环卫电动车电传动匹配计算方法，环卫电动车电传动系统包括储能系统、主变流器、牵引电机、主减速器和差速器，在牵引工况时，储能系统储存的能量通过主变流器将直流电逆变后驱动牵引电机，再通过主减速器和差速器的传动，驱动整车运行；在电制动工况时，牵引电机工作在发电机状态，动能转化为电能并通过主变流器回收至储能系统；以16吨电动环卫车的电传动系统进行匹配计算，其包括牵引电机参数计算和主变流器参数计算。本发明的计算方法简单，计算结果可靠，牵引电机与主变流器的匹配度好，能够满足电动环卫车日常行驶和操作，符合电动车的相关要求。
id-RU2657790C1    abstract-Изобретение относится к устройству получения электроэнергии при движении транспортного средства. Устройство для генерирования электроэнергии включает в себя размещенные под дорожным полотном основание и установленные на основании элементы электрогенератора. На основании установлен плоский статор генератора. В нижней части транспортных средств установлены элементы ротора генератора. Причем элементы ротора генератора выполнены в виде постоянных магнитов и/или герметично установленных обмоток возбуждения электромагнитного поля. На транспортных средствах дополнительно установлены солнечные фотоэлементы, подключенные к обмоткам возбуждения. Технический результат изобретения заключается в повышении эффективности генерирования электрической энергии. 1 з.п. ф-лы, 1 ил.
id-CN107097685A    abstract-基于弹性储能的电动汽车复合储能系统及能量分配方法，属于电动汽车复合储能及能量分配技术领域。解决了现有电动汽车存在续驶里程短、加速性能差和电池使用寿命短的问题。本发明通过制定能量管理方法使电动汽车可以在不同的行驶工况下正常行驶，电源的能量得到合理的分配，提高了电动汽车的加速性，并延长电动汽车动力电池的使用寿命，增加了电动汽车的续驶里程。本发明适用于电动汽车复合储能使用。
id-WO2018189904A1    abstract-強減速モードが選択されているとき、燃費の悪化を抑制すること。　アクセル解放操作によるコースト状態のとき、ドライバの選択に応じて車両に付与する減速力を第１減速力と第１減速力よりも大きい第２減速力との２段階で変更可能な電動車両の制御方法において、電動車両に駆動力および回生力を付与可能なモータ/ジェネレータ（３）と、通常モードと強回生モードをドライバの選択に応じて選択可能なモード選択スイッチ（４０）と、を備える。そして、通常モードの選択中、回生側に第１通常目標駆動力を算出し、強回生モードの選択中、第１通常目標駆動力よりも回生側に強い第１強回生目標駆動力を算出し、強回生モードの選択中、ドライバ操作により第２減速力による強回生強減速モードを選択すると、強減速モードの選択中、第１強回生目標駆動力よりも負側に大きくした第２強回生目標駆動力を算出し、算出した各目標駆動力に応じた回生力をモータに出力する。
id-WO2018189897A1    abstract-低温下での摩擦クラッチのスリップイン制御時の車両減速度変化を抑えることが可能な電動車両の制御装置を提供する。 モータジェネレータ（ＭＧ）と左右駆動輪との間に配置された第２クラッチ（ＣＬ２）と、モータジェネレータ（ＭＧ）により駆動されるオイルポンプ（ＯＰ）と、車両の惰性走行時にモータジェネレータ（ＭＧ）にコースト回生トルクを発生させ、かつ、所定のコースト回生終了車速（Ｖｃｅ）で、コースト回生トルクを０とするモータコントローラ（１８）と、を備え、モータコントローラ（１８）は、第２クラッチ（ＣＬ２）をスリップイン制御を行うスリップイン車速（Ｖｓｉｎ）がコースト回生終了車速（Ｖｃｅ）よりも高い場合のコースト回生トルクを、スリップイン車速（Ｖｓｉｎ）がコースト回生終了車速（Ｖｃｅ）よりも低い場合の強コーストトルク（ＴＨｉ）よりも小さくする電動車両の制御装置とした。
id-CN107139731A    abstract-带有弹性储能器的电动汽车能量分配方法，属于电动汽车复合储能及能量分配技术领域。解决了现有电动汽车存在续驶里程短、加速性能差和电池使用寿命短的问题。本发明通过制定能量管理方法使电动汽车可以在不同的行驶工况下正常行驶，电源的能量得到合理的分配。本发明适用于电动汽车能量的分配。
id-CN107199892A    abstract-本发明涉及新能源汽车能量回收技术领域，公开了一种新能源汽车的锁控装置，包括固定卡块、移动卡块、卡舌、回位弹簧及电磁吸拉开关；所述回位弹簧设置在所述汽车底架的卡槽内与所述移动卡块连接；所述卡舌的下端与所述起落架连接，中上段设置一卡舌孔，所述移动卡块上与所述卡舌的卡舌孔位置对应处设置第一锁控部件，所述固定卡块上与所述卡舌的卡舌孔位置对应处设置第二锁控部件，该锁控装置结构简单，借助汽车振动能量对电磁吸拉开关的作用，实现了锁控装置的开启和关闭，其设计充分借助弹簧自动恢复原状的工作原理和物体自身重力，实现了节约能源的目的，具有显著的经济价值和社会价值。
id-CN107097654A    abstract-电动汽车机电复合储能系统及能量控制方法，属于电动汽车能量回收与控制技术领域。解决了现有电动汽车制动能量回收的效率低的问题。本发明以涡簧为主要储能元件，将电动汽车运行过程中减速或者刹车的动能转化为机械能储存起来，当电动汽车需要加速或者是爬坡时，再由储能机构将机械能量释放出来，通过选择不同的工作模式将储存的机械能量转化为电能或者机械能驱动电动汽车。本发明适用于电动汽车储能及能量控制使用。
id-US10696164B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a motor and a controller. The controller is programmed to, responsive to an autonomous braking request and a predicted average braking torque associated with the request having a magnitude less than a powertrain regenerative torque limit, brake the vehicle only with the motor according to a torque profile adapted from a most efficient torque profile of the motor so as to have an average value falling within a specified range of the average braking torque.
id-US20180345952A1    abstract-The disclosure is directed at a method and apparatus for an active convertor dolly for use in a tractor-trailer configuration. In one embodiment, the apparatus includes a system to connect a tractor to a trailer. The apparatus further includes a charge generating system for translating the mechanical motions or actions of the dolly into electricity or electrical energy so that this energy can be used to charge a battery or to power other functionality for either the dolly or the tractor-trailer. The active dolly may also operate to assist in shunting the tractor-trailer.
id-CN107199893B    abstract-本发明提出一种能量回收方法及装置，其中，方法包括：检测制动踏板和加速度踏板的状态；根据制动踏板的状态和加速度踏板的状态，确定车辆当前所处的目标工况；获取在目标工况下与车辆当前的行驶速度对应的目标加速度；根据目标工况、行驶速度以及目标加速度，获取车辆在目标工况下所需要回收的目标力矩。通过该方法，能够最大化回收制动能量，提高纯电动汽车的能量回收率，并且可以利用回收的能量继续为电动汽车续航更多地里程，最大化地利用了由制动产生的能量。
id-CN108859775A    abstract-本发明涉及一种制动能量回馈控制电路及功率分配方法，通过比较车辆进行制动时储能装置的最大充电功率和主电机的电制动功率的大小，根据电机的电制动功率和电池允许的最大充电功率来分配制动电阻的需求功率，本发明能在电池充电能力较弱或者电池温度较低时，保持电制动力的一致性，适当提高当前整车给制动电阻的功率，降低动力电池的充电电流，防止动力电池过冲和过放，有效解决司机踩制动踏板时电制动力变小、制动距离增加、制动不平稳的问题。
id-JP2018191521A    abstract-【課題】バッテリの過充電を回避するための、より改善された回生電力の消費を可能とする電動作業車を提供する。【解決手段】複数のモータを有する電動モータユニットと、インバータを制御することによって、バッテリ２０からの電力を調整して電動モータユニットに供給するモータ制御ユニット５０と、バッテリ２０の充電及び放電を制御する充電制御部５３と、バッテリ２０の充電率を含むバッテリ２０の状態を検出するバッテリ状態検出器９と、回生電力の発生を検出する回生電力検出器６とを備える。モータ制御ユニットは、充電率が過充電領域と充放電領域との間に設定されたマージン領域にあって、かつ回生電力が発生した場合、回生電力を停止中のモータに供給するとともに、ベクトル制御によってモータが回転しないような磁束を発生させる非回転電流指令をインバータに与える。【選択図】図３
id-CN107248734A    abstract-本发明涉及一种基于独立串并联模块化地铁再生制动超级电容储能装置的闭环控制系统，包括超级电容储能装置和闭环控制系统。闭环控制系统包括主控制器和底层控制器。底层控制器安装在DC750V双向DC/DC模块中通过与相对应的DC750V双向DC/DC模块中的输出电感相连进行采样超级电容组的电流进行电流闭环控制。主控制器通过高速的CAN总线以广播模式向底层控制器下发冲放电电流指令，各底层控制器通过低速485总线向主控制器上传其工作状态。主控制器接收操作命令，并将相应的命令传输至底层控制器；从而进行直流稳压；对两组串联DC750V双向DC/DC模块进行均压闭环控制，输出两组双向DC/DC模块充放电电流指令信号，并联双向DC/DC模块接收相同的电流指令。本发明具有可扩展性方便并联扩容。
id-EP3401201A1    abstract-A plurality of control maps respectively corresponding to a plurality of lever operation amounts are stored in a storage device. Each control map defines a driving force to be output from an electric motor such that the driving force corresponds to an accelerator operation amount and a vehicle speed. A control device uses a control map corresponding to an actual lever operation amount among the plurality of control maps and thereby calculates the driving force to be output from the electric motor based on an actual accelerator operation amount and an actual vehicle speed from the control map. This vehicle can alleviate discomfort caused when a driver accustomed to an engine vehicle operates an electric vehicle.
id-CN107117038B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动车辆制动能量回收方法及电动车辆，属于车辆领域。该电动车辆包括人机控制装置、整车控制器、电机和电池，当电机接收到制动能量回收请求时，确定目标反向力矩并反向工作，以将电动车辆的制动能量转换为电能存储至电池中。由于目标反向力矩为根据目标回收等级确定的，而目标回收等级为多个回收等级中的一个，且回收等级用于指示电机的输出功率的大小，因此，对于不同的目标回收等级，电机以不同的输出功率反向工作，解决了电动车辆制动过程单一的问题。且当电动车辆在进入制动状态前的速度较大时，电机可以以较大的输出功率反向工作，从而缩短电动车辆在制动状态下的持续时间，避免该持续时间过长影响而电动车辆的安全性。
id-CN107323270A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车及其能量回馈方法及系统，该方法包括确定车载可充电储能系统的最大允许充电电流；依据最大允许充电电流判断当前制动扭矩是否满足预设条件，如果是，则选取当前制动扭矩作为实际制动扭矩，否则，选取最大允许充电电流对应的制动扭矩作为实际制动扭矩；根据实际制动扭矩控制电机进行能量回馈。本发明会根据最大允许充电电流和当前制动扭矩选出较小的制动扭矩作为实际制动扭矩，进而根据实际制动扭矩控制电机进行能量回馈，不会对车载可充电储能系统造成损害，提高了电动汽车的安全性能。本发明提供的电动汽车及其能量回馈系统同样具有上述优点。
id-EP3409589A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Antriebssystem für ein Fahrzeug, umfassend mindestens einen asymmetrischen Rotor (18), der mindestens ein von einer Rotorachse radial sich erstreckendes Rotorblatt (20) und ein bezüglich der Rotorachse gegenüberliegendes Ausgleichsgewicht (22) aufweist, ferner umfassend eine Ansteuervorrichtung für den Elektromotor (24), die den Elektromotor (24) mit einem Akkumulator zu dessen Energieversorgung verbindet und eingerichtet und ausgebildet ist, während eines Umlaufzyklusses, welcher 1-3 Umläufe des steif ausgebildeten Rotorblattes (20) umfasst, mindestens eine Beschleunigungsphase, in welcher der Elektromotor (24) zur Beschleunigung des Rotors (18) beschleunigbar ist und mindestens eine Bremsphase, in welcher der Elektromotor (24) bremsbar ist, zu bewirken, wobei die Ansteuervorrichtung ausgebildet ist, mindestens während eines Teils der Bremsphase den Elektromotor (24) im Generatorbetrieb mit mindestens einem Akkumulatorelement (28) zu verbinden.
id-CN110039989A    abstract-本发明属于混合动力汽车技术领域，特别涉及混合动力传动装置。带缓速功能的商用车混合动力传动装置，它包括：电池组，电机控制器，制动电阻以及同轴布置的第一电机、第二电机、制动器、行星分汇流机构；行星分汇流机构包括：功率分流行星排以及第一减速行星排、第二减速行星排；制动器包括：第一制动器、第二制动器；功率分流行星排连接输入轴、第一电机的转子以及输出轴，第一减速行星排与第二减速行星排均连接第二电机的转子以及输出轴；第一制动器、第二制动器与第一减速行星排、第二减速行星排构成2挡减速机构。本发明利用电机实现制动能量回收，设置制动电阻保证在电池SOC高时消耗电机的制动功率，在长时间制动时仍然具备缓速制动的功能。
id-CA2998392A1    abstract-The present invention shows a gantry loader having at least one carriage travelable at a horizontal guide rail, in particular for the transport of workpieces between stations of a production system, wherein the carriage has at least one drive.  The present energy is characterized in that the carriage has an energy store for the at least partial energy supply of the drive.
id-WO2018214588A1    abstract-一种制动能量回收方法，包括：车辆的制动能量回收系统基于所述车辆在预设时长内的速度信息，获取所述车辆在所述预设时长内的运行参数信息；其中，所述预设时长大于所述车辆在任意一次处于制动状态的时长，所述制动状态为所述车辆处于主动减速或不主动加速的状态；基于所述运行参数信息，预测所述车辆所处的运行道路的当前的交通状态；基于与所述当前的交通状态匹配的回馈力矩映射关系信息，确定所述车辆在所述当前的交通状态下处于所述制动状态时的回馈力矩；在所述车辆处于所述制动状态时，基于所述回馈力矩将所述车辆的制动能量转化为电能，并将所述电能存储至所述车辆的蓄电池（40）中。还公开了使用该方法的电动汽车。根据该制动能量回收方法，能够根据当前的交通状态自适应地调整回馈力矩的大小，可以避免由于仅凭驾驶员的经验对回馈力矩的大小进行调节的不准确性，也尽量避免由于回馈力矩过大或过小导致的能量利用率低，可以实现以较低的硬件成本，来提高对电动机的回馈力矩的大小进行调节的准确性、提高能量的利用率的效果。
id-CN107225963A    abstract-本发明公开了一种新能源矿车专用的混合动力总成，其包括电压转换部分、动力控制部分，电压转换部分与动力控制部分相连，其中电压转换部分包括动力总成控制器、柴油发动机、发电机、高压配电箱、快充装置、电池、驱动电机、举升电机、电空调、电池管理装置、整车控制器、二合一电源装置、仪表设备、低配电压盒、气泵、其他低压电器设备等。本发明能够在满足复杂矿区路况作业要求前提下具有高的节油率及能量转换效率，大幅度降低矿山开采运输成本，能够在宽温度范围内大功率充放电，长寿命，事故率低，对于破解采矿业持续低迷的难题，具有里程碑的意义。
id-CN107264291A    abstract-本发明公开了一种纯电动汽车复合制动与主动馈能悬架协同装置与控制方法，属于纯电动汽车能量回收领域，主要有三个部分组成：用于测量车辆和道路信息的各种传感器、分层协同控制子系统任务和权限的决策控制器、主动悬架直线电机和再生制动电机执行器，通过决策控制器将传感器和执行器联系在一起。决策控制器对传感器信号进行分析处理，判断出车辆所处的制动工况以及车身的姿态信息，从而发出控制指令合理的对制动能量和悬架振动能量进行回收。决策控制器通过建立了模糊质量功能配置理论进行工况判断，根据确定的工况信息借助优先级和协商机制对两个子系统进行分布式协同控制，并且通过离线与在线优化相结合的手段达到实时控制的目的。
id-CN108859778B    abstract-本发明涉及一种新能源汽车再生制动控制方法及装置，本发明在在制动过程中实时检测防抱死制动系统的标识信号，当检测到防抱死制动系统的标识信号有效时，控制电机逐渐减小制动扭矩。本发明不需加装电子控制制动系统，也不需单独添加控制器，仅联合控制防抱死制动系统和电制动，就能避免防抱死制动系统的标识信号触发时撤除电制动导致的汽车前冲问题，节约了制动成本。
id-CN108791139B    abstract-一种汽车能量管理系统，包括光伏控制单元，所述光伏控制单元与太阳能电池单元和蓄电池单元相连，当所述汽车处于行驶状态且所述蓄电池单元的电量低于预设阈值时，所述光伏控制单元控制所述太阳能电池单元向所述蓄电池单元充电；整车控制单元，所述整车控制单元与发电机单元和所述蓄电池单元相连，当所述汽车处于行驶状态时，所述整车控制单元控制所述发电机单元向所述蓄电池单元充电或停止充电。通过本发明提供的技术方案能够在不改变整车布局、不增加额外储能装置的前提下，更有效的提高太阳能利用率，能够根据所述汽车的行驶状态、蓄电池电量状态以及外界环境状态等因素，更合理的动态分配所述汽车的蓄电池、发电机和太阳能电池的动力输出。
id-CN107031412A    abstract-本发明公开了一种轨道交通机车刹车制动能量回收装置及方法，制动能量回收装置包括监控装置、BMS电池管理装置、蓄电池组以及直流斩波器，BMS电池管理装置分别连接蓄电池组和监控装置，蓄电池组和监控装置分别连接直流斩波器，监控装置和直流斩波器分别连接接触网，本发明结构设计新颖，具有储存吸收电能快速、高效、容量大，抗干扰能力强的优点；一方面利于机车刹车不至引起电网升压过限；一方面可给出站机车提供电能，特别在早晚高峰增加车次时，储能电池的放电、可保持接触网电压的平衡。
id-KR20180123258A    abstract-본 발명은 회생제동 및 유압제동의 협조 제어방법에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는 제어부에 의하여 회생제동 실행량을 결정하고, 회동제동 실행량에 따라 목표압력을 연산하여 브레이크 유압을 제어하는 협조 제어방법에 있어서, (a) 회생제동 천이구간에서 구동모터의 크리프 토크량(creep torque) 캡쳐시점을 판단하고, 상기 크리프 토크량을 갭쳐하는 단계; (b) 상기 (a) 단계에서 캡쳐된 크리프 토크량에 따라 브레이크 유압 보상량을 결정하는 단계; 및 (c) 상기 (b) 단계에서 결정된 브레이크 유압 보상량에 따른 보상압력과 상기 목표압력을 합산하여 제동압력을 결정하는 단계;를 포함한다. 본 발명은 회생제동 천이구간에서 구동모터의 회생제동토크와 유압으로 형성되는 제동마찰토크가 서로 천이되면서 감속도 이질감을 최소화하기 위해 회생제동 천이구간에서 감소되는 크리프 토크량만큼 브레이크 유압을 보상할 수 있는 회생제동 및 유압제동의 협조 제어방법을 제안하고자 한다.
id-CN107310397A    abstract-本发明提供了一种制动能量回收系统能量回收率的计算方法，该方法包括以下步骤：S1,采集电池电压信号数据和电池电流信号数据；S2,利用函数将采集到的电池电流信号数据分离成正电流和负电流两部分；S3,计算正电流和负电流对应的功率；S4,通过功率对时间的积分，计算正电流、负电流对应的能量；S5,计算正能量、负能量的比值，得到相应的能量回收率。本发明的计算方法相比人为强制开、关制动能量回收系统以多次试验来计算其系统回收率的方法，既高效又快捷，同时能更好的节省人力和设备成本，为企业节省开发费用。
id-CN107171614B    abstract-本发明提供一种驱动与反馈电流不对称的电机驱动电路及应用，电机驱动电路包括驱动电路和制动能量回收反馈电路。驱动电路为多个功率器件组成的桥式拓扑电路，具有逆变的功能；在控制电路的控制下，把直流电电能转换成驱动电机需要的电能；其输入端与电源连接，输出端与电机连接。制动能量回收反馈电路为一个带有控制的桥式整流电路，具有单向导通的功能，把电机制动产生的电能回收到储能元件或其它可消耗电能的电路及装置；其输入端与电机连接，输出端与储能元件或其它可消耗电能的电路及装置连接。本发明能够应用于双源电机驱动系统或普通非双源电机驱动系统，整流电路可以使用成本较低的功率器件，降低车辆成本。
id-CN107082073B    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于电液轨道车的下坡能量回收与缓速系统，其利用比例阀(9)调节制动扭矩，实现车辆匀速下坡，利用蓄电池(1)和蓄能器(15)回收制动能量；下坡时，优先使用蓄能器(15)回收制动能量，若蓄能器(15)充满油液后，轨道车仍处于下坡状态，可通过系统中的液压阀切换油路，利用液压马达(10)驱动液压泵(4)工作，从而反驱电机(3)发电，利用双向逆变器(2)的整流作用将三相交流电转化为直流电，存储在蓄电池(1)中。本发明实现了电液轨道车下坡时的恒速节能控制，具有无摩擦制动、节能和安全可靠的特点。
id-CN107082024A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车蓄能电动机总成及其工作方法，它包括电动机、齿轮传动箱和蓄能转换单元。在回收制动能量的过程中，将电动汽车的制动减速运动经双离合器传动箱的传动转换成蓄能转换单元的滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，压缩蓄能弹簧转化为弹性势能；在释放制动能量的过程中，将蓄能转换单元的压缩弹簧回收的弹性势能转换成滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，经双离合器传动箱的传动，驱动电动汽车起步加速，实现制动能量的再生。具有结构紧凑、能量转化率高、性能可靠等优点。
id-CN107284249B    abstract-本发明提出一种电动汽车的能量回收方法及系统，其中，系统包括：整车控制器、主能量存储装置和辅助能量存储装置；整车控制器，用于确定车辆当前所处的目标工况，获取目标工况下所需的制动扭矩，将制动扭矩所产生的动能分配到主能量存储装置和/或辅助能量存储装置中进行存储。该系统尤其针对当主能量存储装置无法进行能量回收时，通过辅助能量存储装置进行能量回收，解决了现有主能量存储装置如动力电池，由于受到电池电量、单体电压和温度等因素的影响，在电池电量较高时无法继续回收能量，存在能量浪费的问题，提高了能量回收效率。
id-CN107009902A    abstract-本发明公开了一种带能量回馈的电动汽车配电系统，它包括：整流器、控制器、多个开关、双向变换器、汽车驱动电动机、多个直流‑直流变换器、为车内电子器件供电的电池组和为汽车驱动电动机供电的多个电池组，可以实现电动汽车在减速或刹车时产生的回馈能量得到有效的储存，同时可以降低电池温度，有效提升电池的寿命和安全性，另外，通过对电池组内各电池单元之间的连接关系的控制，保证电动汽车内驱动电机受电稳定。
id-CN107117039A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车橡胶带式蓄能电动机总成及其工作方法，它包括电动机、双离合器传动箱、齿轮传动箱和蓄能转换单元。在回收制动能量的过程中，将电动汽车的制动减速运动经双离合器传动箱、齿轮传动箱的传动转换成蓄能转换单元的滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，拉伸弹性橡胶带转化为弹性势能；在释放制动能量的过程中，将蓄能转换单元的弹性橡胶带回收的弹性势能转换成滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，经双离合器传动箱、齿轮传动箱的传动驱动电动汽车起步加速，实现制动能量的再生。本发明具有结构紧凑、能量转化率高、性能可靠等优点。
id-CN107161011A    abstract-本发明属于汽车制动技术领域，尤其涉及一种汽车制动行驶时可回收动能发电的装置，包括左风扇罩、左风扇叶片、左发电机、左液压连杆、左弹簧、左活塞、左液压缸、左油液导管、右风扇罩、右风扇叶片、右发电机、右液压连杆、右弹簧、右活塞、右液压缸、右油液导管、车速传感器、控制器、刹车角位移传感器、装置启动开关、液压泵、整流器。本发明的汽车制动行驶时可回收动能发电的装置通过在汽车制动时启动风扇叶片发电，将制动时的动能转换为电能，能够提高能源利用率；还降低了对制动材料的磨损程度，提高了使用寿命；此外，上述装置能够缩短汽车的制动距离，能够减少交通事故的发生。
id-CN107284380A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于车辆制动能量回收的超级电容系统，其特征在于：第一储能模块最高工作电压与第二储能模块最高工作电压相同，第二储能模块最低工作电压与第一储能模块单独启动车辆的最低工作电压相同；第一储能模块的最高工作电压为模块中所有单体最高工作电压之和的95～100%；第一储能模块的最低工作电压为模块中所有单体最低工作电压之和的95～100%；第二储能模块的最高工作电压为模块中单体最高工作电压之和的83～92%；第三储能模块的最高工作电压为模块中单体最高工作电压之和的83～92%；第三储能模块的最低工作电压为模块中所有单体最低工作电压之和的83～92%；超级电容控制单元对第一储能模块、第二储能模块和第三储能模块控制和管理。解决车辆制动能量回收过程中电池效率低，使用寿命短的问题。
id-KR20180130243A    abstract-하이브리드 차량의 회생제동 제어장치 및 그 방법이 제공된다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 하이브리드 차량의 회생제동 제어장치는 차량에 대한 공기저항, 구름저항, 가속저항 및 차량출력을 기초로 경사도를 산출하는 경사도 산출부; 현재차속이 지연된 차속보다 큰지의 여부를 판단하는 가속판단부; 전방 차량과의 거리 및 현재차속에 따른 안전거리를 산출하는 안전거리 산출부; 산출 결과 및 판단 결과, 및 가속페달 및 제동페달의 입력여부에 따라 회생제동 여부를 결정하여 내리막 회생제동량 및 안전거리 확보를 위한 회생제동량을 산출하는 회생제동량 산출부; 및 산출된 회생제동량 중에서 큰 값으로 회생제동을 수행하도록 제어하는 회생제동 수행부;를 포함한다.
id-US10207588B1    abstract-The vehicle turbine charging system is adapted for use with a vehicle. The vehicle is further defined with one or more body panels, a brake system, and an electrical system. The electrical system is further defined with a brake signal and a battery. The vehicle turbine charging system is a regenerative braking device. The operation of the vehicle turbine charging system is initiated upon the application of the brake system on the vehicle. The vehicle turbine charging system comprises one or more regeneration devices. Each individual regeneration device selected from the one or more regeneration devices diverts air flow from around the vehicle through the turbine. The turbine powers the regeneration circuit to provide electrical energy that recharges battery. The control circuit opens and closes the intake that diverts the air flow to the turbine. The intake is open during brake system operation and is otherwise closed.
id-CN106976401A    abstract-本申请公开了一种石墨烯锂电池超级电容双能源控制方法及系统，涉及电力电子技术领域，为石墨烯锂电池使用寿命而发明。其系统包括石墨烯锂电池、第一检测单元、输出单元、采集单元、控制单元、制动输入单元、双向DC‑DC单元、第二检测单元和超级电容。其方法包括：获取启动信号；控制石墨烯锂电池向输出单元输出主驱动电压；获取电动汽车的运动状态；如果运动状态为加速或爬坡，则控制超级电容向输出单元输出瞬时高电压；在输出单元叠加主驱动电压和瞬时高电压，生成总输出电压；如果运动状态为减速或下坡，则控制制动输入单元输出第一电容充电电压，为超级电容充电。本申请主要应用于控制石墨烯锂电池与超级电容供能的过程中。
id-DE102017208411A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren und ein Steuergerät zur Begrenzung von Überspannungen aufgrund eines elektrischen Lastabwurfs während eines generatorischen Betriebs eines Fahrzeugbordnetzes, wobei das Fahrzeugbordnetz aufweisend ist zumindest eine Batterie (1), einen Zwischenkreis (5) mit einem darin angeordneten elektrischen Energiespeicher und mit einer daran angeschlossenen generatorisch betriebenen E-Maschine (4) und ein elektrisch zwischen den Zwischenkreis (5) und die Batterie (1) geschaltetes Schütz (2), das zum Lastabwurf geöffnet wurde, wobei• die an dem Zwischenkreis (5) anliegende Zwischenkreisspannung überwacht wird, und• eine aktive Entladung des Energiespeichers durchgeführt wird, wenn die Zwischenkreisspannung eine Spannungsschwelle übersteigt.
id-KR101926396B1    abstract-본 발명은 교류기반 고속철도 변전소용 에너지 저장장치에 관한 것으로, 현재까지 보편적으로 이용되었던 직류용 피크전력 저감장치와는 다르게 교류기반의 고속철도 변전소에 적합한 에너지 저장장치 시스템 구축을 지향하고, 이를 위해서 고압의 단상 교류전압과 연계되어 동작하기 위한 전력변환장치로 멀티레벨 인버터를 적용하고 전력변환장치를 제어하기 위한 집중제어방식의 제어기, 고속철도 변전소의 부하패턴의 신속한 파악 및 적용이 가능하도록 수요전력 연산을 수행하여 고속철도 변전소의 소비패턴과 운행 계획을 고려한 효율적인 전력운용과, 시스템 안정성 및 신뢰성을 확보할 수 있도록 한 교류기반 고속철도 변전소용 에너지 저장장치를 제공함에 그 목적이 있다.
id-CN108859763A    abstract-本发明涉及一种防止新能源汽车滑动、制动抖动的控制方法及装置，其中防止新能源汽车滑动抖动的控制方法包括：当汽车滑动，且车速高于车速第一设定值时，实时监测ABS是否触发启动；若ABS触发启动，控制降低电制动扭矩，直至ABS退出或者车速低于所述车速第一设定值。本发明通过在车辆滑行过程中，当车速高于某一设定值时，实时监测ABS系统是否触发启动，若ABS系统启动，降低电制动扭矩直至ABS退出或者车速低于上述设定值，有效避免了ABS触发时电制动突然消失造成车辆前后抖动的问题。
id-KR20180128755A    abstract-본 발명은 회생제동 에너지를 이용하는 전기 자전거에 관한 것으로, 전기 자전거의 자체적인 동력에 의해 운행될 수 있도록 앞바퀴와 뒷바퀴에 각각 설치되어 구동 및 전류를 생산하는 회생제동모터와; 회생제동모터의 구동을 제어하여 전기 자전거의 속도를 조절하는 조작부와; 전기 자전거의 주행거리, 속도, 시간, 라이트 온/오프, 좌우방향표시, 경고등, 음성경고, 배터리 잔량 및 충전을 표시할 수 있도록 핸들에 설치되는 표시부와; 전기 자전거의 차대에 착탈 가능하게 설치되어 회생제동모터에 전류를 공급하거나 또는 회생제동모터로부터 발전되는 전류를 저장하는 배터리부와; 회생제동모터의 전류 공급 및 발전 제어, 조작부 신호에 의한 구동제어, 표시부의 정보 표시, 배터리 충전 및 방전 제어, 주행시 돌발상황 및 사용자 상태를 체크하여 전기 자전거의 운행을 컨트롤할 수 있도록 차대에 설치되는 컨트롤부를 포함하며, 앞바퀴에 설치된 회생제동모터를 통해 전기 자전거를 이동시키기 위한 구동력 발생과 뒷바퀴에 설치된 회생제동모터에서 발생하는 전류를 배터리에 저장하는 기능을 동시에 진행되므로 충전된 배터리의 용량보다 더 많은 전류를 사용하는 효과가 있다.
id-CN107225977A    abstract-本申请提出一种制动能量回收处理方法、装置及电动汽车，该方法，包括：在确定电动汽车制动踏板的开度大于第一阈值时，判断电动汽车当前的运行状态是否满足能量回收条件；若满足，则启动制动能量回收处理。由此，通过在电动汽车制动踏板的开度大于第一阈值，且电动汽车当前的运行状态满足能量回收条件时，启动制动能量回收处理，避免了制动能量回收功能的误启动，减小了制动能量回收功能对驾驶者的影响，保障了汽车的行驶安全，改善了用户体验。
id-US20200070663A1    abstract-A method for manually and individually configuring a recuperation behavior of an electrically driven vehicle includes the manual setting of the recuperation behavior. The manual setting of the recuperation behavior includes both setting a recuperation intensity and setting a recuperation delay. Accordingly, it is possible to manually meter the braking torque such that both a pleasant driving sensation as well as a situation-specific energy recovery is achieved.
id-CN107082026A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车弹性橡胶带蓄能式线控自动变速器总成及其工作方法，电动汽车弹性橡胶带蓄能式线控自动变速器总成包括电动机与线控自动变速器总成、双离合器传动箱、齿轮传动箱和蓄能转换单元。在回收制动能量的过程中，将电动汽车的制动减速运动经双离合器传动箱、齿轮传动箱的传动转换成蓄能转换单元的滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，拉伸弹性橡胶带转化为弹性势能；在释放制动能量的过程中，将蓄能转换单元的弹性橡胶带回收的弹性势能转换成滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，经双离合器传动箱、齿轮传动箱的传动驱动电动汽车起步加速，实现制动能量的再生。具有结构紧凑、能量转化率高、性能可靠等优点。
id-CN106976400A    abstract-本发明涉及一种永磁电动车电瓶变压调速节电伺服器。所属技术领域是环保节能。所要解决的技术问题是：在速度为60码以下时不能回收电能，且自身笨重、易毁坏、成本高的缺点。解决该问题的技术方案是：它由变压换向继电器1、控制常开继电器2、常开控制开关3、整流模块4、和导线1‑3、1‑4、1‑5、1‑6、1‑7、1‑8、4‑1、4‑2、4‑3构成，其特征是由把4‑1与4的正极连接、4‑2与负极连接、4‑3与交流极连接构成，主要用途是：在电动车调速时，采用对电瓶调压的技术，实现把速度为15码以上时，因调速而损失的动能转化成电能回收到电瓶内，提高续航能力的目的。而提供的一种永磁电动车电瓶变压调速节电伺服器。
id-DE102017208024B4    abstract-Verfahren zum Betreiben einer Energieversorgungseinrichtung (1) eines Bordnetzes (2) für ein Kraftfahrzeug, bei welchem- mittels eines Generators (7) an einem ein Getriebe (5) aufweisenden Antriebsstrang (3) des Kraftfahrzeugs über eine Fahrdrehzahl eines Antriebselements (6) eine Leistung abgegriffen wird, mittels welcher das Bordnetz (2) mit Energie (8) versorgt wird und eine Energiespeichereinheit (9), über welche das Bordnetz (2) mit Energie (8) versorgbar ist, geladen wird,- mittels einer Recheneinrichtung (12) ein Wunschschubmoment (11) des Generators (7) ermittelt wird, welches einen Energiebedarf des Bordnetzes (2) sowie einen Energiebedarf der Energiespeichereinheit (9) umfasst, und mittels der Recheneinrichtung (12) das Wunschschubmoment (11) mit einem Planschubmoment des Generators (7) verglichen wird,- mittels einer Schubabschalterkennungseinrichtung (13) eine Schubabschaltung des Antriebsstrangs (3) des Kraftfahrzeugs erfasst wird,- mittels einer Steuereinrichtung (10) die Fahrdrehzahl des Antriebselements (6) über eine Schaltung des Getriebes (5) des Antriebsstrangs (3) in Abhängigkeit von dem Vergleich des Wunschschubmoments (11) mit dem Planschubmoment bei einer erfassten Schubabschaltung zur Einstellung des Wunschschubmoments (11) im Generator (7) gesteuert wird, wobei die Fahrdrehzahl des Antriebselements (6) in Abhängigkeit von einem aktuellen Schleppmoment des Antriebsstrangs (3) gesteuert wird, wobei der Energiebedarf der Energiespeichereinheit (9) in Abhängigkeit von einem Ladezustand und einem Entladevorgang der Energiespeichereinheit (9) mittels der Recheneinrichtung (12) ermittelt wird, und wobei die Fahrdrehzahl des Antriebselements (6) bei einem Ladezustand der Energiespeichereinheit (9) unterhalb eines Grenzwerts in Abhängigkeit von dem Vergleich des Wunschschubmoments (11) mit dem Planschubmoment bei der erfassten Schubabschaltung zur Einstellung des Wunschschubmoments (11) im Generator (7) gesteuert wird.
id-CN108859776A    abstract-本发明公开了一种智能充电电动汽车，通过在底盘的中间设有充电轮，电动车在下坡时，放下充电轮与马路接触而带动发电机补充电池组的电量。在底盘的尾部设有龙卷风发电系统使输入的空气形成高速涡旋空气；从而吸收宇宙之间的暗能量转换成电能给电池补充电能，使电动汽车达到远程行驶的效果；故提升了电动汽车的性能，解决了普通汽车排气污染的问题；有利于提高产品市场占有率，实现了社会低碳环保，降低空气中形成雾霾的因素；为企业创造经济效益和社会效益。
id-CN107082025A    abstract-本发明公开了一种压簧式蓄能转换装置及其工作方法，压簧式蓄能转换装置包括蓄能转换单元、双离合器传动箱和电磁制动器，双离合器传动箱与蓄能转换单元、电磁制动器传动连接，蓄能转换单元包括蓄能转换单元壳体以及设于其内的滚珠丝杠、滚珠螺母、滑动板、蓄能弹簧和固定板，在回收制动能量的过程中，将车辆的制动减速运动经过双离合器传动箱的传动转换成蓄能转换单元的滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，压缩蓄能弹簧转化为弹性势能；在释放制动能量的过程中，将蓄能转换单元的压缩弹簧回收的弹性势能转换成滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，经过双离合器传动箱的传动，驱动车辆起步加速，实现制动能量的再生。本发明具有结构紧凑、能量转化率高、性能可靠等优点。
id-CN107415701A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车线控自动变速器蓄能总成及其工作方法，它包括电动机与线控自动变速器总成、齿轮传动箱和蓄能转换单元。在回收制动能量的过程中，将电动汽车的制动减速运动经双离合器传动箱的传动转换成蓄能转换单元的滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，压缩蓄能弹簧转化为弹性势能；在释放制动能量的过程中，将蓄能转换单元的压缩弹簧回收的弹性势能转换成滚珠丝杠的旋转运动，经双离合器传动箱的传动，驱动电动汽车起步加速，实现制动能量的再生。本发明具有结构紧凑、能量转化率高、性能可靠等优点。
id-CN107415703A    abstract-本发明公开了一种节能生电自行车，包括发电装置、机动装置、设备供电模块、稳压整流模块和车把手，所述发电装置固定在后轮轴上，且后轮轴固定在后轮上，所述前轮轴固定在前轮上，且前轮与自行车车架相连接，所述前轮轴的内侧固定安装有刹车片，所述车坐凳固定于自行车车架上，所述设备供电模块的右侧固定安装有刹车装置，且刹车装置的右下方固定安装有蓄电模块，所述稳压整流模块固定于自行车车架上。该节能生电自行车，通过利用磁生电原理在自行车上安置发电装置，利用发电装置线圈在切割磁场的时候产生的电磁场方向与电磁铁周围产生的磁场方向相反所产生的阻力而减速，代替传统的摩擦减速，同时可以把电能储存起来用作其它用途。
id-CN108790837A    abstract-本发明公开了一种新能源汽车刹车控制方法，所述新能源汽车的刹车包括电刹与机械刹两部分，所述电刹为所述电动机提供反向制动力并发电回收动能至所述动力电源，并且所述电刹对应所述新能源汽车刹车踏板深度较浅的位置，所述机械刹为传统刹车，对应所述新能源汽车刹车踏板深度较深位置，所述新能源汽车在电刹阶段时，所述电动机根据当前刹车踏板的深度值给出一个固定大小的制动力，并在车速到达n0后逐步减小所述制动力的大小，直至车速为零时所述制动力也为零，使用该控制方法，不仅能保证刹车制动的效果，而且能缓慢减小刹车制动力太大带来的振动，提高了舒适度。
id-CN108790838A    abstract-本发明公开了一种双源混合动力汽车制动回收控制方法，所述混合动力汽车包括发动机、电动机、动力电源，所述发动机与所述电动机动力耦合，共同驱动所述混合动力汽车运行，所述动力电源与所述电动机连接，用以提供所述电动机运转所需电能，其特征在于，所述动力电源为双电源，包括第一动力源及第二动力源，当所述混合动力汽车刹车制动时由所述电动机发电实现动能回收至所述动力电源存储，制动回收时所述第一动力源与所述第二动力源回收能量的比例根据当前可回收总能量E分配，利用能力的估算优先回收动能至第一动力源，在提高制动回收能量的效率的同时尽可能延长电源的使用寿命。
id-KR20180124197A    abstract-차량의 회생제동모드의 진입을 감지하는 단계; 차량이 회생제동모드에 진입하는 경우 선택된 변속단에 대응되는 목표 감속도를 도출하는 단계; 차량의 현재 가속도를 도출하는 단계; 도출된 목표 감속도와 현재 가속도를 기반으로 회생제동모드에서의 회생제동 토크를 산출하는 단계; 및 산출된 회생제동 토크에 따라 구동모터를 제어하는 단계;를 포함하는 회생제동 토크 가변 제어방법 및 시스템이 소개된다.
id-KR20180127854A    abstract-본 발명은 철도차량용 전력 관리 장치의 전력 관리에 관한 것으로, 철도차량과 전력망을 연결하는 전력 관리 장치의 전력 관리 방법에 있어서, 기 설정 기간 동안 상기 전력망으로부터 상기 철도차량에 전송된 전력량을 시간대 별로 획득하는 단계; 및 상기 전송된 전력량을 기초로 상기 전력망의 전력을 상기 철도차량에 충전하거나 상기 철도차량의 전력을 상기 전력망으로 송전하는 단계를 포함할 수 있다.
id-WO2018221269A1    abstract-後輪が先にロックすることによる車両の不安定化もしくは前輪が早期にロックして運転性が低下することを抑制可能な電動車両の制御装置を提供すること。　制御装置は、電動車両に要求される要求制動力に基づいてフロントモータとリアモータとに発生させる回生制動力を演算する回生制動力演算部と、回生制動力を電力源の電力制限に基づいて低減する電力制限部と、電力制限部による回生制動力の低減量である回生制動力低減量に応じた摩擦制動力を発生させる指令をブレーキ装置に出力する摩擦制動力出力部と、を備える。
id-US10543831B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a motor/generator functioning as a drive power source, and a mechanically operated transmission mechanism which constitutes a part of a power transmitting path between the motor/generator and drive wheels, the control apparatus including a motor/generator control portion configured to implement a regenerative torque control of the motor/generator so as to generate a regenerative torque according to a braking operation by an operator of the vehicle in a decelerating run of the vehicle, and a transmission shifting control portion configured to initiate a shift-down action of the mechanically operated transmission mechanism after a rate of change of the regenerative torque has been held within a predetermined range for at least a predetermined length of time, where a determination to implement the shift-down action is made in the process of the regenerative torque control of the motor/generator according to the braking operation.
id-US10399440B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is permitted during conditions of wheel slip so that a greater portion of a vehicle's kinetic energy may be recovered and stored as electrical energy. Additionally, in some examples, the amount of regenerative braking is adjusted responsive to a torque of a differential clutch during wheel slip conditions.
id-CN107323272B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车能量回收方法及装置，属于电动汽车领域。所述方法包括：获取电动汽车当前所处的行驶状态；当行驶状态为滑行状态时，获取用户设置的能量回收等级和电动汽车的行驶速度；根据能量回收等级和行驶速度确定第一扭矩值，并控制电动汽车的电机在第一扭矩值下转动；将电机转动时产生的机械能转化为电能，并将电能存储于电动汽车的储能组件中。本发明可以在电动汽车滑动时将机械能转化为动能存储于电动汽车的储能组件中，从而提高了电动汽车的续航里程。
id-CN107139736A    abstract-本发明公开了一种智能化高效电机车牵引驱动控制系统及其方法，包括总控制系统、第一控制系统、第二控制系统、第一双向DC/DC变流器、第二双向DC/DC变流器、逆变器，总控制系统分别与第一控制系统、第二控制系统相连接，第一控制系统输出端分别与第一双向DC/DC变流器、第二双向DC/DC变流器连接，第二控制系统输出端与逆变器连接，第一双向DC/DC变流器、第二双向DC/DC变流器的输出端均与逆变器连接，逆变器输出端与电机车连接。本发明实现电机车及其蓄电池的高效运行，蓄电池组和超级电容组的有机结合能更加有效的实现电机车的各种特殊工况，结合具有的能量存储功能，实现高效运行，避免了能源的浪费，实现节能环保。
id-KR101824410B1    abstract-차량의 조향 핸들에 장착된 패들(paddle) 스위치를 이용하여 운전자의 의지에 따라 회생제동량을 조절하는 방식으로 차량 속도를 조절함과 동시에 전기 에너지를 최적으로 회수하여 소비 효율의 증대를 도모하도록 한 전기 자동차의 회생제동 기능을 이용한 차속 조절방법에 관한 것으로서, 회생제동을 제어하는 차량 제어부에서 차량의 진행이 이루어지고, 가속/감속 페달이 조작되지 않는 상태에서, 조향 핸들에 장착된 패들 스위치가 조작되는지를 확인하는 단계, 패들 스위치가 조작되면, 패들 업 스위치가 조작되는지 또는 패들 다운 스위치가 조작되는지를 확인하는 단계, 패들 업 스위치가 조작되면 패들 카운트 값을 증가시키고, 증가한 패들 카운트 값을 기초로 회생제동량을 결정하는 단계, 패들 다운 스위치가 조작되면, 패들 카운트 값을 감소시키고, 감소한 패들 카운트 값을 기초로 회생제동량을 결정하는 단계 및 결정한 회생제동량을 기초로 구동모터의 회생제동 토크를 제어하여 차량 속도를 조절하는 단계를 포함하며,  상기 회생제동량을 결정하는 단계는 패들 업 스위치 조작 시 패들 카운트 값을 증가시키고, 증가시킨 패들 카운트 값이 최대 카운트 값인지를 확인하여 최대 카운트 값이 아닐 경우에는 상기 증가시킨 패들 카운트 값을 회생제동량 결정 카운트 값으로 결정하고 회생제동량을 산출하며, 최대 카운트 값일 경우에는 회생제동량 결정 카운트 값을 증가시킨 패들 카운트 값으로 결정하고 회생제동량을 산출하는 단계를 포함하여, 전기 자동차의 회생제동 기능을 이용한 차속 조절방법을 구현한다.
id-US10710675B2    abstract-An electric bike comprises a front wheel, a rear wheel, a seat for a rider to sit on, a frame that supports the front wheel, the rear wheel and the seat, a driving device that provides moving energy to the electric bike and a braking device that reduces the speed of the electric bike. The driving device comprises one or more electric motors. The electric bike further comprises a pedal assembly that receives muscle power from the rider. The pedal assembly comprises a pedal axis and two pedals fixed to the pedal axis. The torque from the pedal assembly is not mechanically transferred to the front wheel or the rear wheel.
id-CN107244326B    abstract-本发明公开一种基于燃料电池阵列的机车用混合动力控制系统及方法，包括燃料电池系统、蓄电池组、机车牵引系统、主控制器、制动能量消耗系统和采集电路；主控制器对系统状态进行检测，通过分级控制，对系统进行能量管理；所述燃料电池系统和蓄电池组为所述机车牵引系统提供能量，所述制动能量消耗系统用于车制动能量的消耗。本发明能够保证系统安全可靠，同时减少系统能量损失；有效降低燃料电池系统成本，避免资源浪费；维持蓄电池SOC，延长蓄电池使用寿命；同时优化燃料电池阵列中各燃料电池子单元的输出功率，提高燃料电池系统效率，实现燃料经济性。
id-CN109204010A    abstract-一种用于混合动力车辆的陡坡缓降控制方法、装置及车辆，陡坡缓降控制方法包括：在陡坡缓降模式下，检测车辆的行驶速度和加速度；在所述行驶速度和加速度满足设定条件时，计算目标行驶速度；根据所述行驶速度和加速度计算所述车辆达到所述目标行驶速度的所需制动扭矩；基于所述车辆的运行状态计算出可执行扭矩，所述可执行扭矩至少包括电机的制动扭矩；在所述可执行扭矩的数值大于等于所述所需制动扭矩的数值时，执行所述所需制动扭矩，以使车辆降至所述目标行驶速度。本发明技术方案高效地实现了混合动力车辆的陡坡缓降。
id-US10202048B2    abstract-System, methods, and other embodiments described herein relate to preemptively controlling one or more vehicle systems of a vehicle. In one embodiment, a method includes, in response to (i) detecting that a present traffic level along a route of the vehicle satisfies a congestion threshold and (ii) detecting that a type of roadway on which the vehicle is traveling is a highway, determining whether the vehicle is traveling in a high occupancy vehicle (HOV) lane by identifying whether a number of passengers in the vehicle satisfies an HOV threshold. The method includes adjusting the one or more vehicle systems within the vehicle according to whether the number of passengers satisfies the HOV threshold to cause the vehicle to operate efficiently while traveling along the route with the present traffic level.
id-US10493989B2    abstract-A method of guiding a coasting time point of a vehicle includes steps of detecting occurrence of an upcoming deceleration event, determining driver's coasting characteristics for each deceleration event based on information of the detected occurrence of an upcoming deceleration event and a vehicle driving state, and determining a coasting guidance time point based on a determined result of coasting characteristics corresponding to a type of the detected deceleration event. The method provides, to a driver, information of a time point at which the driver needs to release an accelerator pedal operation, in order to begin coasting at an appropriate time point when a deceleration situation is assumed to lie ahead.
id-CN109094545A    abstract-公开了一种电动制动系统及其控制方法。该电动制动系统包括：踏板传感器，其被配置为感测踏板力；计算器，其被配置为基于所感测的踏板力来计算目标制动压力；第一液压回路，其被配置为形成至少一个后轮的制动压力或者形成后轮再生制动压力；第二液压回路，其被配置为形成至少一个前轮的制动压力；以及控制器，其被配置为在车辆减速期间执行后轮再生制动，当后轮再生制动压力达到最大再生制动压力时执行前轮液压的协作控制，当后轮再生制动被解除时将前轮液压增大至目标制动压力，然后增大后轮液压。
id-CN107264293A    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于模糊控制的并联式混合动力车的能量回收方法，它解决了现有控制方法适应性和鲁棒性较差，对汽车能量回收的实时控制较差的问题。该方法包括步骤1、确定汽车的制动需求转矩T 0 ；步骤2、通过模糊控制的推理，确定制动转矩分配比例因素q，获得再生制动转矩T1和机械制动转矩T2；步骤3、选定制动转矩：1）、当制动踏板开度＞制动踏板开度门限值时，T 0 =T 1 +T 2 ；2）、当制动踏板开度≤制动踏板开度门限值时：（1）、当SOC＞SOC门限值时，T 0 =T 2 ；（2）、当SOC≤SOC门限值时：T 0 =T 1 ；或者T 1 =T 1max ，T 0 =T 1 +T 2 ；3）、制动踏板开度=0时，T0=T1=T2=0。
id-KR102466380B1    abstract-보조배터리의 SOC 유지 제어시 영전류 제어를 수행함으로써, 보조배터리 충방전에 의한 에너지 손실을 최소화하여 차량의 연비를 향상시킬 수 있는 차량용 직류 변환기 제어방법 및 시스템이 소개된다.
id-CN107323271A    abstract-本发明提出一种电动车辆的制动控制系统、方法及装置，其中，系统包括：制动踏板、整车控制器和驱动电机。其中，制动踏板，用于反馈制动信号；整车控制器，用于当制动踏板反馈制动信号时，查询电动车辆的速度对应的阈值加速度；根据电动车辆的负向加速度是否高于阈值加速度，判断电动车辆是否处于紧急制动状态；若处于紧急制动状态，控制驱动电机进行能量回收；驱动电机，用于在整车控制器的控制下进行能量回收。通过该系统，能够实现能量回收，进而对动力电池进行充电以辅助制动，减小制动距离，提高行车安全性，解决现有技术中因电动车辆增加了储能部件使自身重量增大而导致的紧急制动距离增大、行车安全受到影响的问题。
id-DE102018114738A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug beinhaltet eine Brennkraftmaschine (CE) und eine elektrische Maschine (EM), die an ein Energiespeichersystem (ESS) gekoppelt sind, sowie eine Steuerung, die dazu konfiguriert ist, eine Laderückgewinnung des ESS/der Batterie während des Hochleistungsbetriebs zu maximieren. Die Steuerung befiehlt der CE, eine Leistung zu erzeugen, die einen Gesamtfahrwiderstand und einen Leistungsbedarf (PD) überschreitet, um das ESS mit einer maximalen Rate für eine schnelle Laderückgewinnung des ESS wiederaufzuladen. Als Reaktion auf den PD erzeugt die CE eine maximale Leistung, um die EM dazu anzutreiben, das ESS mit einer maximalen Rate während der Beschleunigung, Verzögerung, und wenn eine Geschwindigkeit des Fahrzeug beibehalten wird, wiederaufzuladen und ein positives Drehmoment zu erzeugen und, wenn der PD und der Gesamtfahrwiderstand die maximale Leistung der CE übersteigen, das ESS gemäß dem PD, dem Gesamtfahrwiderstand und der maximalen Laderate des ESS zu entladen. Die Leistungsregeneration während der Verzögerung kann zudem für die elektrische Maschine und/oder die Nutzbremsen ermöglicht werden, was die ESS-SoC-Rückgewinnung während des Hochleistungsbetriebs weiter maximiert.
id-US20180312159A1    abstract-This method covers the utilization of alternators for recharging batteries and electric car mileage range improvement. It involves the usage of the rotors to charge and to extend range for an electric car, while the car is in motion. There are two methods that will be explained, these methods are called the Jent methods. The first method will be connecting the alternator to the rear axles. The second method is having an alternator rotor hybrid so that the car can still charge and have the ability to stop and apply brakes with full function.
id-CN107128211A    abstract-本发明提供了一种列车牵引及制动控制系统、列车牵引及制动控制方法；系统包括：分别设置在目标站台范围内的上行及下行路段的两个牵引及制动动力单元、分别设置在所述上行及下行路段内的路基上的定子线圈、分别设置在上行及下行列车上的转子反应板，以及，与牵引及制动动力单元通信连接的地面列车综合运行控制单元；同一路段内的所述牵引及制动动力单元与定子线圈连接，使得所述牵引及制动动力单元控制所述定子线圈与对应的列车上的转子反应板相互作用，实现对该列车的牵引及制动。本发明实现了同站台上、下行地铁列车牵引、制动的协同化控制，有效地降低列车运行能耗，并可靠地提高列车运行效率。
id-US20180370383A1    abstract-Methods and systems for power management using a power converter in transport are provided. In one embodiment, the method includes monitoring a varying AC input to the power converter. The method also includes calculating a power factor adjustment based on the monitored varying AC input. Also, the method includes a power converter controller adjusting the power converter based on the calculated power factor adjustment to cause the power converter to supply a reactive current to a varying AC load.
id-CN206954018U    abstract-本实用新型的涉及一种再生制动电能反馈系统及其再生制动控制装置。其中，所述再生制动控制装置用于控制再生制动电能反馈装置，所述再生制动电能反馈装置经由第一开关与接触网连接、并经由第二开关与电网连接，该再生制动控制装置包括：电压参数检测模块，以及与所述电压参数检测模块连接的控制模块，当所述电压参数大于所述设定值时，控制所述第一开关以及所述第二开关闭合，以使得所述接触网经由所述再生制动电能反馈装置与所述电网连接。根据本实用新型实施例的再生制动控制装置和再生制动电能反馈系统，既省去了电阻制动部分，节省了投资，减少了列车的重量，又能够充分利用列车的再生制动能量，提高列车制动过程中的能量利用率。
id-CN107351693B    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于混合动力汽车动力系统高效集成控制的方法，所述控制方法主要由整车控制器、电机控制器、动力电池、发动机电控系统，发动机、离合器、永磁同步电机、车辆驱动系统组成。该发明的控制方案使用一个永磁同步电机，能够达到驱动车辆、给电池充电、启动发动机三大功能，同时兼具制动能量回收功能，极大地简化了混合动力控制系统，使结构更加紧凑、控制效率提高、控制系统成本锐减，有效提高混合动力车辆的行驶里程。
id-CN107415702A    abstract-本发明提出新能源汽车的制动能量回收系统、回收方法和新能源汽车。系统包括：车轮制动系统，用于在车轮制动过程将车辆动能转换为机械能和第一热能；机械能回收系统，用于基于电池荷电状态确定电池可吸收电能，基于机械能与能量转换效率确定可转换电能，并当电池可吸收电能大于等于可转换电能时，将机械能转换为能量值等于所述可转换电能的充电电能；当电池可吸收电能小于可转换电能时，将机械能转换为能量值等于所述电池可吸收电能的充电电能及第二热能；热电转换装置，用于当电池可吸收电能大于可转换电能时，将第一热能转换为辅助充电电能。本发明实施方式可以利用制动能量对电池电能进行补充，提高制动能量回收率。
id-US20200198474A1    abstract-A device which is configured for controlling a vehicle drive ( 40 ) for traction of a vehicle has a drive control apparatus and a monitoring apparatus. In order to ensure a high degree of safety when using the vehicle drive during rapid deceleration of the vehicle, the monitoring apparatus provides a traction release control signal value to the drive control apparatus, under the effect of which the drive control apparatus is enabled to control the vehicle drive, if, in addition to a traction release request signal value due to a rapid deceleration request and an additional traction lock request signal value due to a traction lock request, an additional traction release request signal value due to a traction release condition has effect on the monitoring apparatus. There is also described a vehicle with such a device and to a method for controlling a vehicle drive for traction of a vehicle.
id-CN107117041B    abstract-本发明公开一种具有电能回收利用功能的电涡流液冷缓速器，包括：电涡流缓速器部分、磁阻电机部分、检测模块、控制模块、功率变换器、蓄电池。电涡流缓速器部分，包括缓速器转子、缓速器定子、两组励磁线圈。磁阻电机部分包括：磁阻电机定子、磁阻电机转子、磁阻电机绕组。检测模块包括：霍尔传感器、永磁体，霍尔传感器固定在缓速器固定架上，永磁体镶嵌与缓速器转子的沟槽内。该缓速器在制动时可实现能量回收再利用，有效地利用了磁能，且结构简单，控制方便，散热效果好，改善汽车的制动安全性，节能环保。
id-CN107415910A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动机动车用制动、加速叠合踏板总成，包括固定支架、真空助力器、制动主缸、踏板臂、踏板和用于感应踏板臂角度动作的加速感应控制模块，所述的踏板设于踏板臂的下端，踏板臂的上端与固定支架铰接；踏板臂上设有制动铰接点，踏板臂通过制动铰接点与真空助力器的固定螺杆铰接，真空助力器的制动总泵固定螺杆连接制动主缸；加速感应控制模块的感应接口端与踏板臂转动连接，加速感应控制模块与固定支架固定，加速控制模块的信号输出端连接电机控制器；能够实现减速和制动的过程连成一个整体，避免回馈制动和机械制动的脱节，避免了松加速踏板即可制动，长期习惯后，紧急制动工况右脚无法及时制动，造成的安全隐患。
id-US20180362014A1    abstract-An electric car draws lots of power that needs to be on board the moving vehicle. An adaptive power supply can combine a variety of sources of electrical energy—which may include an internal combustion engine—and use those different sources to efficiently produce the electrical power required. An adaptive power supply provides optimal performance by sensing changing conditions, often hundreds of times per second, and then adapting itself to those conditions in order to optimize efficiency at each particular instant during a car's operation. Those conditions may include changes in user inputs, machine operating conditions, and machine operating parameters. Having multiple sources of electrical power allows effective control of more independent power parameters, enabling greater freedom to adapt to optimize efficiency. That gives adaptive power supplies that are cheaper, smaller, lighter, more powerful, and more efficient than conventional designs.
id-CN107298025A    abstract-本发明提供了一种城市轨道交通再生能量管理系统，包括系统监控模块、直流降压模块，其中，所述系统监控模块对城市轨道交通的直流母线电压进行检测，当检测到直流母线电压高于设定值时，启动所述直流降压模块降压，为AC 220V变频设备、AC 380V变频设备或者其他可直流供电设备供电，所述直流降压模块的输出电压均高于AC 220V整流电压，该系统不再向电网馈电，也无需储能设备进行储能，而是直接就近为城市轨道交通站内的其他设备供电，最大化地利用了再生能量。
id-CN107379972A    abstract-本发明是一种赛车制动能量回收系统及其控制方法。赛车制动能量回收系统包括有电池、电机、电机控制器、传动装置、整车控制器、制动器、制动控制器，电机通过传动装置将传来的制动扭矩传递给制动器，制动器作用在车轮上，电机控制器电连接与电机，且电机控制器将电机状态信号反馈给整车控制器，整车控制器的信号输出端与制动控制器的信号输入端连接，制动控制器的信号输出端与制动器的信号输入端连接，且电机提供的电能存储在电池。本发明使车辆在保持最大限度的进行能量回收的前提下，提供赛车需要的稳定的最大制动力。本发明赛车制动能量回收系统的控制方法可加大赛车制动能量回收的比例，有效提升整车的续航里程或者减少电池的容量，降低整车成本和重量。
id-CN107399238A    abstract-本发明涉及一种基于超级电容的电动自行车刹车控制系统，包括驱动轮、手刹控制器、启动/加速控制器、电动机、储能装置、变换器、刹车系统控制传感器、逆变器，手刹控制器由手柄、刹车柄、弹性连接件和刹车度传感器组成，弹性连接件两端分别连接手柄和刹车柄的同一端，形成具有弹性回位功能的 型一体化结构，刹车度传感器分别安装在手柄和刹车柄的另一端，用于检测手刹和刹车柄之间的距离；储能装置由蓄电池和超级电容构成；本发明包含四种控制模式：启动模式、匀速/加速模式、减速模式、紧急制动模式；本发明利用超级电容可大功率充电的性能，加快了电动自行车的制动速度，并且通过手刹模拟信号，能够精确控制刹车行程。
id-WO2018226120A1    abstract-﻿Изобретение относится к преобразовательной технике и предназначено для использования на электровозах переменного тока в качестве тягового преобразователя. Техническим результатом является повышение коэффициента мощности и обеспечение плавного регулирования напряжения на коллекторных двигателях в режимах тяги и рекуперативного торможения. Тяговый преобразователь электровоза подключен к тяговому трансформатору, содержит управляемый мост, подключенный к одной секции вторичной обмотки тягового трансформатора, диодные плечи, подключаемые к остальным выводам вторичных обмоток тягового трансформатора через набор контакторов, образуя n зон регулирования, В режиме тяги коллекторный двигатель является нагрузкой, в режиме рекуперативного торможения он является генератором, имеющим независимое питание обмотки возбуждения от выпрямительной установки возбуждения.
id-CN107234975A    abstract-本发明公开了一种动力电池涡流管热管理系统，电磁离合器安装在空气压缩机上；空气压缩机的出气口连接储气罐，储气罐的出气口连接电磁阀，电磁阀连接涡流管，涡流管连接并联的冷气换向阀和热气换向阀，并联的冷气换向阀和热气换向阀连接平行四边形电池容器的进气口；动力电池放置在平行四边形电池容器内，并且，动力电池与平行四边形电池容器的两边侧壁都形成楔形的走气通道，温度传感器安装在动力电池上。本发明采用涡流管制冷制热技术，同时具有冷却与预热动力电池组的功效，这无形之中增加了纯电动汽车的续航里程，延长动力电池寿命。
id-KR101915150B1    abstract-본 발명에 의한 하이브리드 전기자동차는, 구동휠을 구동시키기 위한 주행부; 저속 주행 시 상기 주행부에 구동력을 공급하는 모터; 고속 주행 시 상기 주행부에 구동력을 공급하는 엔진; 상기 모터에 전류를 공급하는 배터리; 상기 엔진에서 발생된 동력을 이용하여 상기 배터리를 충전시키는 발전기; 상기 모터와 엔진과 발전기의 동작을 제어하는 제어부; 상기 엔진에서 발생된 배기가스를 외부로 배출시키는 배기관; 및 상기 배기관 내측을 흐르는 배기가스의 열을 전달받는 가열부와, 외기에 의해 냉각되는 냉각부를 구비하여, 상기 배기관 내측으로 배기가스가 흐를 때 전기를 발생시켜 상기 배터리를 충전시키는 열전소자;를 포함하여 구성된다. 본 발명에 의한 하이브리드 전기자동차는, 저속 주행시에는 회생제동 모드를 통해 배터리를 충전시키고 고속 주행시에는 배기열을 이용하여 배터리를 충전시킴으로써 배터리 충전율을 높일 수 있고, 배기가스의 유동에 저해를 주지 아니하여 배압 발생이 방지되며, 배기가스 유량 및 온도가 변경되더라도 발전율을 일정하게 유지시킬 수 있어 안정성이 우수하다는 장점이 있다.
id-CN109080634A    abstract-本发明提供一种在通过驾驶支援进行的行驶中，能够充分有效利用旋转电机的再生动作来得到制动力的车辆。车辆具备：蓄电器；旋转电机，其能够作为电动机进行动作，且在驱动轮的制动时能够作为发电机进行动作；识别部，其识别前方的车辆；支援部，其进行支援控制，以便与其他车辆的相对位置成为规定的位置关系及/或进行行驶速度为目标速度以下的定速行驶；控制部，其按照支援部的支援控制，对旋转电机及蓄电器的充放电进行控制。在按照支援控制的行驶中，在支援部根据识别部的识别内容，预测或检测到在车辆的沿着行进方向的前方的比满足规定的位置关系的空间靠车辆的接近空间中存在其他车辆的情况下，控制部设定为再生准备状态。
id-JP2019006263A    abstract-【課題】蓄電体に異常が発生した場合であっても、車両用制御装置を適切に機能させる。【解決手段】鉛バッテリ３１とこれに接続される電気負荷とを備える第１電源系５１と、エンジンに連結されるスタータジェネレータ１６とこれに接続されるリチウムイオンバッテリ３２とを備える第２電源系５２と、第１電源系５１と第２電源系５２とを接続する導通状態と切り離す遮断状態とに制御されるスイッチＳＷ１と、スタータジェネレータ１６の作動状態に基づいてスイッチＳＷ１を制御するスイッチ制御部と、を有し、スイッチ制御部は、スタータジェネレータ１６が力行状態に制御され、エンジンが停止状態から始動回転される場合には、スイッチＳＷ１を遮断状態に制御する一方、スタータジェネレータ１６が力行状態に制御され、エンジンが回転状態から補助駆動される場合には、スイッチＳＷ１を導通状態に制御する。【選択図】図９
id-CN107380109B    abstract-本发明提供了由安全气囊控制器和制动能量回收系统集成的集成装置，涉及车辆安全领域。包括制动踏板行程传感器、气囊控制器、制动能量回收系统。制动能量回收系统采集制动踏板行程传感器数据并发送到气囊控制器，气囊控制器通过安全系统加速度传感器和制动踏板行程信号并收集车辆加速度信号以判断车辆的运动信息，以及将所述运动信息发送至所述制动能量回收系统，制动能量回收系统接收所述运动信息，控制电动机的反转，使其对蓄电池充电，进行能量回收。制动能量回收系统不需要额外增加加速度传感器，可以降低成本。也不需要通过车速等其它车辆数据进行减速度的计算，节省系统控制器资源。
id-CN107336609A    abstract-本发明公开了一种节电节能电动车系统，包括电动机和刹车踏板，所述电动机包括电机转轴、发电机、接触器、启动器、蓄电池和压力感应器，所述发电机通过所述接触器与所述蓄电池连接，所述启动器连接于所述接触器，所述接触器连接于所述压力感应器，所述压力感应器设置在所述刹车踏板的下侧，其中，所述发电机包括定子以及与所述定子电磁连接的转子，所述转子设置在所述电机转轴上。有益效果：能够对制动能量进行收集，从而提高节能效率。
id-CN107264292A    abstract-本发明一种可提供辅助动力的车用缓速器系统，涉及电动汽车电机缓速储能结构领域，包括变速箱、传动法兰、永磁电机、动力电缆、动力电池、信号传输线和控制器；变速箱的一端连接传动法兰；控制器通过信号传输线来控制永磁电机；动力电池和永磁电机之间通过动力电缆来连接；控制器包括可进行相互切换的：电机控制单元和发电机控制单元；电机控制单元通过信号传输线控制永磁电机进入电机模式；发电机控制单元通过信号传输线控制永磁电机进入发电机模式。该车用缓速器系统，不仅能够高效、迅速的实现车辆的减速制动，同时能够将车辆的动能转化储存再利用。
id-CN107444131A    abstract-本发明提出新能源汽车的制动能量回收系统、回收方法和新能源汽车。系统包括：车轮制动系统，用于在车轮制动过程将车辆动能转换为机械能和第一热能；机械能回收系统，用于基于电池荷电状态确定电池可吸收电能，基于机械能与能量转换效率确定可转换电能，并当电池可吸收电能大于等于可转换电能时，将机械能转换为能量值等于所述可转换电能的充电电能；当电池可吸收电能小于可转换电能时，将机械能转换为能量值等于所述电池可吸收电能的充电电能及第二热能；热传导装置，用于当电池温度低于预先设定的温度门限值时，利用第一热能对电池加热。本发明实施方式可以利用制动能量对电池电能进行补充，还可以对电池加热，从而提高制动能量回收率。
id-CN109109648A    abstract-一种混合动力汽车的动力总成及混合动力汽车，所述动力总成包括：电控自动变速器和用于输出动力的驱动电机，所述电控自动变速器包括：输入轴和输出轴；多对齿轮组，每对齿轮组中，相啮合的两个齿轮中的其中一个齿轮套设于所述输入轴，另一个齿轮套设于所述输出轴；每对齿轮组中，至少一个齿轮空套于所在轴，且空套于所在轴的齿轮的一侧设有同步器；多对齿轮组中，至少包括一对空套齿轮组，所述空套齿轮组中的两个齿轮均空套于所在轴；所述驱动电机连接其中一对空套齿轮组以输出动力。该动力总成既能够实现纯电机驱动行驶、纯发动机驱动行驶和混合驱动行驶；还能够实现发动机启动、电机扭矩补偿、电池充电和能量回收，综合性能更加全面。
id-CN109130872A    abstract-本发明公开了一种新能源汽车电动刹车控制方法，所述新能源汽车包括电动机、动力电源，所述电动机与所述动力电源连接，所述动力电源提供所述电动机运转的动力，所述新能源汽车刹车时由所述电动机提供反向制动力并发电回收动能至所述动力电源存储，所述电动机提供的反向制动力的大小与刹车踏板的深度相关，所述电动机提供的反向制动力的大小与刹车踏板的深度正相关，所述电动机提供的反向制动力的大小与所述刹车踏板的踩踏速率相关，根据驾驶员踩踏刹车踏板的速率判断其刹车制动力的需求，从而进行适当调控，以给出准确的适合当前的反向制动力大小。
id-CN109017308A    abstract-本发明实施例提供的列车储能系统包括设置在所述列车上的受电机构、电能转换装置、储能装置以及控制装置，在控制装置的控制下，先通过列车上的受电机构与供电区的供电设备连接，以及接收供电设备的电能；接着，与受电机构连接的电能转换装置将受电机构接收的来自供电设备的电能转换成适配储能装置的电能；最后，储能装置储存转换的电能，该电能用于给列车的用电设备供电。本发明实施例通过储能系统储存足够的电能供应给列车上的用电设备，进而提高能源利用率和保障列车的可靠运行。
id-CN107187323A    abstract-本发明公开了一种超级电容齿轨卡轨景观小火车主机，包括超级电容、电容支架、电气柜、电控箱、制动电阻、电动机、钟型罩、联轴器、液压泵、液压油油箱、液压油冷却器、液压控制阀块、蓄能器、底盘、驱动单元、液压马达、轨道和司机室。本发明的有益效果是：装置采用超级电容作为能源供应者，具有能量密度大，充电速度快，寿命长，耐低温，维护成本低的特点，并且超级电容通过电容支架固定确保其运作时的稳定性；装置采用变频电动机传动，环保无排放，噪音小并且效率高；采用液压马达驱动，占用空间小，结构紧凑，重量轻，扭矩大；采用车轮承载，齿条传递动力方式，爬坡能力强；驱动单元设有导向机构，可防止脱轨，安全性高。
id-CN107310375A    abstract-本发明涉及双行星轮系多模式混合动力系统，包括发动机总成（300）、集成启动发电电机（19）、主驱动电机（14）、第一行星轮系总成（200）和第二行星轮系总成（100），发动机总成（300）包括发动机（301），第一行星轮系总成（200）包括第一齿圈（203）、第一行星架（204）和第一太阳轮（205），第一行星轮系总成（200）与第二行星轮系总成（100）之间设置有离合器（16），发动机（301）输出轴与第一行星架（204）相连接，集成启动发电电机（19）与第一太阳轮（205）相连接，第一齿圈（203）设为输出端。本发明还涉及基于双行星轮系多模式混合动力系统的控制方法，包括八种工作模式的控制方法。本发明确保发动机工作在最佳燃油经济区，整车综合效率处于较高水平。
id-CN107344548A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于电动叉车制动能量回收的电液复合制动系统，包括吸油过滤器，所述吸油过滤器的进油口伸入液压油箱中的油液中，吸油过滤器的出油口与齿轮泵的进油口连通，齿轮泵的出油口分别与溢流阀、单向阀的进油口连通，溢流阀的出油口分别与三位三通全液压动力制动阀的回油口T1、液压油箱连通，单向阀的出油口分别与储能器、三位三通全液压动力制动阀的进油口P1连通，三位三通全液压动力制动阀的出油口与行车制动装置连接，踏板角度传感器通过联轴器与三位三通全液压动力制动阀的制动踏板旋转轴连接。本发明通过电制动与液压制动协调控制，实现了最大化的再生制动能量回收，保障了制动安全，提高了能源利用率。
id-CN107344510A    abstract-本发明涉及汽车制动技术领域。目的是提供一种电动汽车制动踏板信号解析方法，该解析方法为：当制动开关输出信号无效时，整车控制器判断处于非制动状态，同时检测模拟量传感器输出的电压值在零电位值范围内，整车控制器判断处于零电位状态，并将接收的电压信号标定为零电位值；当制动开关输出信号有效时，整车控制器判断处于制动状态，整车控制器根据模拟量传感器输出的电压值向能量回收系统分配电制动扭矩值；当制动开关输出信号无效时，模拟量传感器输出的电压值不在零电位值范围内，整车控制器判断制动系统处于故障状态，控制整车进入停车模式。采用本方法不仅提高能量回收效率，还实现了输出故障的精准判定。
id-US20190009760A1    abstract-An operating method for an electrified motor vehicle having an electric drive while being coupled to a towing vehicle by a connecting device in such a manner that the pulling forces and pushing forces between the vehicles are transmitted. The towing vehicle may communicate data to the motor vehicle used to control the motor vehicle to provide a controlled force exerted on the towing vehicle by the motor vehicle during towing. The controlled force exerted on the towing vehicle may vary based on the prevailing force direction between the vehicles, acceleration, and battery state of charge (SOC) of the motor vehicle. The controlled force may include a driving force or a braking force. The braking force may be provided by regenerative braking of the motor vehicle and/or by friction braking of the motor vehicle.
id-CN107521350A    abstract-本发明公开了一种新能源多动力智能组合系统无油车，包括风机、第一发电机以及蓄能系统，所述蓄能系统包括能源输入端，变速箱以及机械能蓄能机构和电能蓄能机构；所述风机的一端与所述第一发电机的输入端连接，所述风机的另一端与能源输入端连接;所述第一发电机的输出端与所述电能蓄能机构连接，所述电能蓄能机构与车辆的电池组电连接，用于为车辆电池组供电；所述能源输入端经变速箱与机械能蓄能机构连接，所述机械蓄能机构经齿轮传动机构与车辆的车轮机构连接，用于为车轮的转动提供机械、电能智能双动力。采用本发明，节省了能源。
id-DE102017211248A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Rekuperation von kinetischer Energie eines Hybridfahrzeuges (10), das eine Brennkraftmaschine (12), eine elektrische Maschine (14) und ein Bordnetz (16) mit einem Energiespeicher (18) aufweist, der in einem Rekuperationsbetrieb des Hybridfahrzeuges (10) von der elektrischen Maschine (14) mit elektrischer Energie aufladbar ist, wobei eine Rekuperationsstärke (Mrek) der elektrischen Maschine (14) in Abhängigkeit von einem aktuellen Ladezustand des Energiespeichers (18) und/oder einer aktuellen Bordnetzlast eingestellt wird. Zur Vermeidung einer mehr oder weniger unkontrollierten Fahrzeugverzögerung im Rekuperationsbetrieb wird erfindungsgemäß im Rekuperationsbetrieb bei Vorliegen einer eine vorbestimmte Rekuperationsschwelle (Mrek0 (B1)) überschreitenden Rekuperationsstärke (Mrek) die Brennkraftmaschine (12) zur Erzeugung eines Antriebsmoments (Mbkm) betrieben. Ferner wird eine Steuereinrichtung zur Steuerung einer derartigen Rekuperation vorgeschlagen.
id-CN107444132A    abstract-本发明提出一种制动能量回收率的评估方法及装置，其中方法包括：获取车辆预设的时间车速表，时间车速表中包括：各个时间点以及对应的行驶车速；针对各个时间点，根据时间点对应的行驶车速，计算获取车辆的加速工况行驶阻力以及减速工况行驶阻力，并结合车辆电机的最大扭矩限值、减速工况下的前后制动力分配策略以及时间点对应的行驶车速，计算加速工况下电机需要输出的驱动功率以及减速工况下电机需要输出的制动功率，进而计算车辆的制动能量回收率，从而提高了计算得到的制动能量回收率的准确度，使得制动能量回收率与实际制动能量回收率的偏差较小，使得选择的电池能量符合实际需求，提高电动汽车的性能。
id-CN107458331A    abstract-本发明提供了应用动能监控系统进行精确控制的方法，其中，动能监控系统包括监测模块、数据采集存储模块、数据反馈处理模块以及控制模块；该方法包括：监测模块监测车辆的动态运行数据；数据采集存储模块从监测模块采集动态运行数据，并存储车辆的静态数据；数据反馈处理模块从数据采集存储模块获取第一数据和第二数据，并按照预设运算策略对第一数据和第二数据进行运算，根据运算结果生成反馈信号，将反馈信号发送至控制模块，其中，第一数据包括部分或全部动态运行数据，第二数据包括部分或全部静态数据；控制模块根据反馈信号对车辆进行精确控制。
id-CN107458267A    abstract-本发明提供一种扭矩标定方法、装置及设备，涉及整车性能技术领域，所述方法包括：控制待标定汽车的车速达到预定起始车速；在标定过程中，根据预设的速度与负扭矩的对应关系，控制驱动电机输出与当前车速相对应的负扭矩；并按照预定时间间隔，获取待标定汽车的车速；将获取的当前车速与对应的期望值比较，若两者不匹配，则确定一负扭矩修正值，并更新所述对应关系中与前次获取的车速对应的负扭矩；在车速降低至预定结束车速时，判断获取的每一车速是否都与对应的期望值匹配：若是，则将对应关系作为标定结果输出；若否，则返回至所述待标定汽车的车速达到预定起始车速的步骤。本发明的方案提高了电动汽车的制动能量回收率和能量利用率。
id-DE102017007090A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Fahrzeug (1) in einem Brennstoffzellensystem zur Bereitstellung von elektrischer Antriebsleistung, welches einen Luftverdichter (14) und eine Abgasturbine (27) zur Rückgewinnung von Energie aus dem Abgas, welches verdichtete Luft, welche zuvor durch den Luftverdichter (14) verdichtet worden ist, umfasst, aufweist, welches einen Hilfskompressor (23) für Luft und/oder Abgas aufweist, und welches einen Drucktank (25) aufweist, um Luft und/oder Abgas von dem Hilfskompressor (23) aufzunehmen. Die Erfindung ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass der Drucktank (25) in einer oder parallel zu einer Abgasleitung (13, 131, 132) in Strömungsrichtung vor einer Hilfsturbine angeordnet ist, mit einer schaltbaren Verbindung zwischen dem Drucktank (25) und der Hilfsturbine. Das Fahrzeug (1) kann in einem Verfahren genutzt werden, in welchem das Abbremsen des Fahrzeugs durch die Verwendung eines elektrischen Fahrmotors als Generator durchgeführt wird, wobei die zurückgewonnene Energie in einer elektrischen Energiespeichereinrichtung gespeichert wird, und wobei zumindest ein Teil der zurückgewonnen Energie in dem Drucktank (25) gespeichert wird, dadurch, dass der Hilfskompressor mit zumindest einem Teil der zurückgewonnenen Energie angetrieben wird.
id-DE102017211789B4    abstract-Verfahren zum Steuern eines automatisch schaltenden Getriebes für ein rekuperationsfähiges Kraftfahrzeug mittels mindestens einer Wähleinrichtung (1; 2), durch die bei Auslösen definierter Schaltsignale (S+; S-) die Gänge des Getriebes (4) stufenweise manuell hoch- oder zurückgeschaltet werden, und mittels einer elektronischen Steuereinheit (3), die abhängig von den Schaltsignalen (S+; S-) der Wähleinrichtung (1; 2) und weiteren Eingangssignalen (E; C; S) die Stellglieder des Getriebes (4) ansteuert, wobei in mindestens einem definierten Betriebsmodus (B2) bei Betätigung der Wähleinrichtung (1; 2) durch Auslösen der definierten Schaltsignale (S+; S-) anstelle der stufenweisen manuellen Hoch- oder Rückschaltung der Getriebe-Gänge (4.G, 3.G, 2.G) der Rekuperations-Grad (3.R, 2.R, 1.R) eingestellt wird und wobei der definierte Betriebsmodus (B2) ein aktivierter komfortorientierter Betriebsmodus (C) und/oder ein aktivierter wirtschaftlicher Betriebsmodus (E) ist.
id-DE102017006692A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Steuerung einer Rekuperation eines Fahrzeuges mit Elektroantrieb, bei welchem in Abhängigkeit einer Betätigung eines Fahrpedals und/oder eines Bremspedals des Fahrzeuges die Rekuperation eingestellt wird, welches dadurch gekennzeichnet ist, dass die Rekuperation in Abhängigkeit eines Abstandes eines Fußes des Fahrer zum Fahrpedal und/oder zum Bremspedal genutzt wird.
id-KR102435344B1    abstract-본 발명은 보조 배터리의 충전 효율을 향상시키기 위한 친환경 차량의 배터리 시스템 및 그 제어방법에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 친환경 차량의 배터리 시스템은, 전력변환기(LDC); 보조 배터리; 상기 전력변환기와 상기 보조 배터리 사이에서 전기적 연결을 단속하는 배터리 스위치; 및 상기 보조 배터리의 충전 상태(SOC), 회생 제동의 수행 여부, 상기 전력변환기의 출력 전압인 제1 전압 및 상기 보조 배터리의 개방 전압인 제2 전압 중 적어도 하나를 이용하여 상기 배터리 스위치의 온오프 여부를 제어하는 스위치 제어기를 포함할 수 있다.
id-DE102017211436A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren (100) zum Ansteuern eines Elektromotors für ein Fahrzeug, welches dadurch gekennzeichnet ist, dass in einem Schritt (110) des Veränderns ein eine Solldrehzahl des Elektromotors repräsentierender Solldrehzahlwert um einen Drehzahlschritt verändert wird, in einem Schritt (114) des Erfassens ein durch den veränderten Solldrehzahlwert resultierendes, von dem Elektromotor bereitgestelltes Drehmoment in einem Drehmomentwert erfasst wird, und in einem Schritt (106) des Einstellens ein Vorzeichen eines zukünftigen Drehzahlschritts unter Verwendung des Drehmomentwerts eingestellt wird.
id-US20200381935A1    abstract-An electric power supply system  100  comprises a fuel cell system  20  including an FC auxiliary machine  23  that operates to causes fuel cells to generate an electric power, and a battery  10  that generates heat through discharging and charging. The electric power supply system  100  supplies the electric power to an electric load device  90 . The electric power supply system  100  determines an operation state of the battery  10 , and supplies the electric power discharged from the battery  10  to the FC auxiliary machine  23  of the fuel cell system  20  when it is determined that the battery  10  is a predetermined temperature or less. When it is determined that the battery  10  is in a charging state, the electric power supply system  100  reduces or stops the electric power supplied to the FC auxiliary machine  23.
id-CN109318887B    abstract-本申请涉及混合动力车辆及控制其马达的方法。一种能够通过控制电动马达的操作点来增加再生制动效率的混合动力车辆的控制方法，包括以下步骤：通过混合动力控制单元HCU确定用于电动马达的发电模式操作的第一扭矩，通过HUC确定电动马达的第一扭矩和速度是否对应于用于通过发电模式操作实现电池的充电的操作点，并且在确定电动马达的第一扭矩和速度对应于禁用电池充电的操作点时，通过HCU将第一扭矩改变为对应于实现电池的充电的操作点的第二扭矩。
id-WO2019025183A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung bezieht sich auf eine Einstellvorrichtung für ein elektrisch betriebenes Nutzfahrzeug (1) und auf ein Verfahren zum Betreiben desselben. Das Nutzfahrzeug hat eine Vorderachse (2); mindestens zwei Hinterachsen (3); eine Einstellvorrichtung, die ein Niveau zumindest einer der Hinterachsen (3) von der Fahrbahn (4) einstellt; mindestens einen Elektromotor zum Antreiben der Hinterachsen (3); und eine Batterie (5), die den Elektromotor mit Strom versorgt. In einem Rekuperationsbetrieb, in dem der Elektromotor als Generator arbeitet und von den Hinterachsen (3) angetrieben wird, um die Batterie (5) aufzuladen, stellt die Einstellvorrichtung das Niveau und eine Last der einstellbaren Hinterachse (3) so ein, dass die Rekuperation optimiert wird.
id-US20190039598A1    abstract-A control device is provided for a vehicle which includes an electric motor that executes regeneration during deceleration of the vehicle and which performs manned running with at least one occupant in the vehicle and also unmanned running without any occupant in the vehicle. The control device is configured to cause the electric motor to execute the regeneration within a regeneration allowable range, such that the regeneration allowable range for the unmanned running of the vehicle is larger than the regeneration allowable range for the manned running of the vehicle. The regeneration allowable range is defined by, for example, an allowable maximum regenerative torque that is variable depending on a running speed of the vehicle upon the regeneration by the electric motor.
id-FR3069120A1    abstract-La présente invention concerne un procédé de contrôle-commande (100) d'une machine électrique tournante (1), notamment pour véhicule automobile, ladite machine tournante (1) comportant un régulateur de tension (11), ledit procédé étant caractérisé en ce qu'il comporte : une étape de réception en continue d'une information concernant une phase de freinage régénératif dudit véhicule, une étape de débit d'un courant d'excitation maximum prédéterminé par ledit régulateur de tension (11) durant cette phase de freinage régénératif.
id-CN109203969A    abstract-本发明涉及一种单行星排传动组件及混合动力系统和车辆，混合动力系统包括发动机、第一电机、第二电机、前行星排、后行星排及系统输出轴，前行星排的前太阳轮、前行星架及前齿圈形成两个输入件和一个输出件，前行星排的两输入件一一对应地与发动机、第一电机传动连接，后行星排的后太阳轮、后齿圈及后行星架中的其中一个为与第二电机传动连接的输入件、一个为与系统输出轴传动连接的输出件，前行星排的输出件通过第一离合器与所述后行星排的输入件传动连接、通过第二离合器与所述后行星排的输出件传动连接。利用第一、第二离合器，实现纯电动模式下使前后行星排之间的断开，有效避免纯电动模式下前行星排对第二电机的影响。
id-CN107487189A    abstract-本发明的目的是提供一种电动自行车刹车能量回收装置，制动器制动的能量通过电磁离合器传送升速传动机构，之后传送给直流发电机进行发电，从而将机械能转化为电能，直流发电机的电能进入到超级电容，设置两个蓄电池，一个工作一个通过超级电容充电，设置电池控制器控制蓄电池的供电，可以很好的对刹车能量进行回收再对蓄电池进行充电，效果好，操作方便，实现了可持续发展。
id-DE102017213051A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Lastflussregelung, insbesondere zur Verhinderung von Überspannung durch einen Bremsvorgang eines Motors, wobei folgende Schritte durchgeführt werden: - Umwandlung von elektrischer Energie in thermische Energie mittels mindestens eines Widerstands (17) und mindestens eines Aktuators (11, M), wobei folgende weitere Schritte durchgeführt werden: - Definieren eines ersten Energieabbauanteils und eines zweiten Energieabbauanteils, - Umwandlung von elektrischer Energie in thermische Energie durch den mindestens einen Aktuator (11, M) basierend auf dem ersten Energieabbauanteil, - Umwandlung von elektrischer Energie in thermische Energie durch den mindestens einen Widerstand (17) basierend auf dem zweiten Energieabbauanteil. Weiterhin betrifft die Erfindung einen Lastflussregler und ein Lastflussregelsystem.
id-US10392003B2    abstract-Systems and methods provide control the amount of battery SOC of a hybrid vehicle prior to reaching a downgrade section of roadway in order to offset the amount of energy that the hybrid vehicle will recuperate when traveling the downgrade. Navigation systems and methods are used to identify upcoming road conditions, such as downgrades. In this way, the battery SOC of the hybrid vehicle can maintain the capacity to allow a motor of the hybrid vehicle to assist in decelerating the hybrid vehicle during the downgrade if need be. Additionally, a situation where the battery is fully charged before reaching the end of the downgrade is avoided, which if not, could result in overcharging the battery, or having to switch to an engine-only mode of travel, where a driver must supplement engine braking with friction braking.
id-US10569640B2    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus includes a shift control portion is configured, when determining that a shift-down action to establish one of gear positions in a transmission mechanism by release of an engagement device and engagement of a one-way clutch, is to be executed during decelerating run of the vehicle, to initiate execution of the shift-down action to establish the one of the of gear positions after an input torque inputted to the transmission mechanism becomes not lower than a predetermined negative value. The predetermined negative value is a predetermined minimum value that becomes not lower than a certain value at a point of time at which the release of the engagement device is completed in process of the shift-down action. The certain value is a value of the input torque enabling the one-way clutch to be automatically engaged.
id-CN107499142A    abstract-本发明涉及一种主动式电动车辆再生制动控制系统及其方法，其中，该再生制动控制系统包括信息采集单元、信息交互单元、信息解析单元和控制单元，其中所述的信息采集单元用于采集车辆信息，所述的信息交互单元用于接收驾驶员的反馈信息，实现人车信息交互，所述的信息解析单元用于对该再生制动控制系统采集的车辆信息进行解析，所述的控制单元用于根据其获取的解析后的车辆信息获取驾驶员的制动意图，并根据制动意图提供相应的控制参数，对电动车辆的制动情况进行控制，所述的信息采集单元和信息交互单元均与所述的信息解析单元相连接，所述的信息解析单元连接所述的控制单元。
id-CN107719132A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车制动能量回收效率的评价方法，该方法通过制动强度判断是否开启再生制动，当电动汽车工作在再生制动时，利用电动汽车制动初始速度确定电动汽车总制动能量。根据可回收制动能量以及能量流动过程，给出综合考虑制动控制环节效率、机械传动部分效率、电机发电效率以及电池充电效率的制动能量回收效率评价指标。通过对电机制动转矩、转速以及电池组荷电状态对能量回收效率的测试分析，对电机电池联合效率进行曲线拟合，并建立能量回收综合效率模型，制动能量回收综合效率反映了电动汽车对总制动能量回收利用效率。本发明反映了制动能量回收对提高整车能效的作用，为提高和改善电动汽车的制动能量回收效率提供了有效的方法。
id-DE102018121115A1    abstract-Ein System zum Bestimmen der Dicke eines Bremsbelags beinhaltet eine Steuerung, die so konfiguriert ist, dass sie die Gesamtbremsenergie eines Fahrzeugs mit einem regenerativen Energiebremssystem bereitstellt, und ein Rotorbremssystem, das eine Vielzahl von Bremsbelägen beinhaltet. Die Systemsteuerung ermittelt die Arbeit der Bremsbeläge als Kombination aus Bremsbelagarbeit vorne und Bremsbelagarbeit hinten und akkumuliert anschließend den Bremsbelagverschleiß, um eine Schätzung der Bremsbelagdicke unter Verwendung der vorderen Bremsbelagarbeit und der hinteren Bremsbelagarbeit zu erhalten. Die Steuerung gibt über ein Ausgabesystem in Verbindung mit der Steuerung eine Meldung aus, welche die Schätzung der Bremsbelagdicke anzeigt
id-US10654454B2    abstract-A vehicle brake system, wherein an electric brake device is configured such that a clearance exists between a friction member and a rotary body when no braking force request is made, and wherein a controller is configured to: execute, for a hydraulic brake device, from a time point of generation of the request, a braking-force-request-dependent control for generating a hydraulic braking force in accordance with a degree of the request; and execute, for the electric brake device, (a) a clearance removing control for removing the clearance, which is executed from the time point of generation of the request till a time point when the degree increases up to a threshold degree, and (b) a braking-force-request-dependent control for generating an electric braking force in accordance with the degree of the request, the control being executed after the time point when the degree becomes equal to the threshold degree.
id-CA3013851A1    abstract-A method for braking a motor in a high lift system of an aircraft, the high lift system comprising a central power drive unit for moving high lift surfaces arranged at a wing through providing rotational power by means of a transmission shaft to a plurality of drive stations operably coupled with the high lift surfaces; which power drive unit is operatively coupled to a controller and comprises at least one electric motor coupled therewith. The method includes determining a braking requirement for the at least one electric motor, measuring at least one of a current command to the motor and a current speed and direction of the at least one electric motor, based on the braking requirement, applying a braking command to the at least one electric motor, and reducing the braking command as the at least one electric motor comes to rest.
id-US10906516B2    abstract-Provided is a brake control system that can reduce use of a mechanical braking in a railway vehicle using an automatic train control (ATC). The present disclosure is a brake control system for a railway vehicle using an ATC. The brake control system includes: a main electric motor, a main conversion device, a brake controller, and an ATC device. The main electric motor generates a braking force by converting kinetic energy of a wheel of the railway vehicle to electrical energy. The main conversion device actuates the main electric motor. The brake controller outputs a braking signal to the main conversion device. The ATC device outputs a braking command to the brake controller based on the ATC. In addition, the ATC device outputs a preliminary braking signal for energizing the main electric motor prior to output of the braking command.
id-CN107499143A    abstract-本发明公开了一种可扩展的再生制动控制系统，包括电控再生制动模块、液压再生制动模块、回馈力矩执行器、再生制动能量回收模型及整车动力学状态，再生制动能量回收模型包括状态观测端和控制端，整车动力学状态、状态观测端、纵向力控制分配、电控再生制动模块、安全气囊对于可扩展性接口都有保留和兼容，从而保证尽可能保留原有整车架构基础上实现控制；不仅适用于两驱/四驱驱动系统，而且适用于液压力矩/回馈力矩解耦、不解耦再生制动系统；保证驾驶员同原车辆的再生制动踏板感一致，尽可能的避免车辆失稳，提高回收效率，通过纵向力控制分配安全回馈力矩限值，可以有效保证车辆安全。
id-CN107444371B    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于磁浮列车的制动控制方法，包括：根据接收到的制动指令施加最大电制动力A；获取由制动指令所得到的所需电制动力B；判断所述最大电制动力A是否小于所述所需电制动力B，若是，则按照所述最大电制动力A继续执行电制动；若否，则按照所述所需电制动力B执行电制动。本发明还公开了一种用于磁浮列车的制动控制系统。本发明还公开了一种包括上述制动控制系统的磁浮列车。上述制动控制方法，可以解决现有方法制动响应时间长和电制动利用不充分的问题，可缩短响应制动时间和制动距离，最大限度发挥电制动优势，从而提高系统安全性，解决能耗和维护成本高问题。
id-US20190047542A1    abstract-An Electric Tag Axle has a differential connected to two axle shafts. A two speed gearbox is connected to the differential by way of a ring and pinion gear. A longitudinally arranged electric motor/generator is connected to the two speed gearbox. A single wheel disconnect mechanism within the axle allows for neutral operation by allowing the differential to freewheel. A vehicle energy management system is connected to the Electric Tag Axle and to a traction battery pack, and is configured to operate the Electric Tag Axle in a low range motoring mode, a high range motoring mode, a regenerative braking mode, and in the neutral mode. This allows the Electric Tag Axle are able to efficiently make use of a limited amount of stored electrical energy during vehicle takeoff, while efficiently supplementing propulsion power during motoring at cruise speeds, and while efficiently recapturing kinetic energy during regenerative braking.
id-CN109421546A    abstract-本发明涉及一种车辆及其复合制动系统。车辆包括车轮和与车轮连接以控制车辆制动的复合制动系统，所述复合制动系统包括摩擦制动系统，所述摩擦制动系统包括制动电机和对车轮直接实施制动操作的制动器，所述制动电机和制动器之间设有传递动力的机械传动结构。通过制动电机以及机械传动结构取代之前的气压或液压制动系统，避免了在新能源车辆上增设其他动力设备，可以利用车辆自身的动力即可实现摩擦制动，结构简单，降低了车辆的生产成本，同时易于实现车辆的全电控化。
id-CN107685722B    abstract-本发明公开了一种轨道车辆防滑控制系统及其方法，系统包括电子制动控制单元、牵引控制单元、空气制动控制单元、防滑阀控制单元和转向架单元，所述牵引控制单元用于接收电子制动控制单元发送的电制动降低信号来将电制动降低或接收电制动切除信号封锁逆变器，所述空气制动控制单元用于接收电子制动控制单元发送的电流信号来补充空气制动，所述防滑阀控制单元用于接收电子制动控制单元发送的PWM信号来调节滑行车轮的空气制动力，所述转向架单元用于将空气压力转换为制动力，并同时向电子制动控制单元反馈车轮旋转的频率信号。本发明不会引起其它车轮制动力降低，从而导致制动力过多的丢失。
id-CN107444141A    abstract-本发明公开了一种节能型发电直驱电动车，包括底盘、变速器、电动机和发电系统，变速器连接驱动轴，驱动轴连接汽车车轮，电动机固定在底盘上且电动机连接变速器，发电系统包括发电机、发动机和燃料容器，燃料容器连接发动机，发动机连接发电机，发电机连接电动机，还包括电池组、逆变器和整流器，整流器输入端分别连接电动机和发电机，输出端连接电池组，逆变器输入端连接电池组，输出端连接电动机，本发明结构原理简单，能够减少油耗、降低污染物排放，而且电池用量少，能够实现对刹车能量的回收。
id-CN107719131B    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于制动时间识别的电动汽车制动力分配方法，该方法通过制动过程中采集制动踏板角速度，并根据制动踏板角速度、位移随时间的变化规律，利用制动角速度作为判断依据的移动窗算法，建立制动踏板角速度与位移之间的函数模型，并通过制动器角速度积分量精确识别制动时间。基于制动时间，动态确定电池最大充电电流，由此得到电机再生制动力。采用变比例阀液压分配线确定电动汽车前后轴实际制动力，综合考虑机械制动与电机制动的协同机制，实现机械制动力与电机制动力的合理分配。本发明兼顾制动安全与系统保护，最大化回馈制动能量。
id-DE102017007633A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Brennstoffzellensystems (20), welches elektrische Antriebsleistung für ein Fahrzeug (1) liefert, wobei zusätzlich zum Brennstoffzellensystem (20) eine elektrische Energiespeichereinrichtung (6) vorgesehen ist, über welche das Fahrzeug ebenfalls mit elektrischer Antriebsleistung versorgt werden kann. Das erfindungsgemäße Brennstoffzellensystem (20) ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass, die Leistungsbereitstellung durch das Brennstoffzellensystem (20) der angeforderten Leistung durch das Fahrzeug (1) phlegmatisiert nachfolgt, wobei die Differenz zwischen der Leistung des Brennstoffzellensystems (20) und der angeforderten Leistung durch die elektrische Energiespeichereinrichtung (6) bereitgestellt wird.
id-KR20190023887A    abstract-본 발명은 회생 제동에 따른 충전 방법 이외에 추가 충전 방법을 구비한 전기자동차의 듀얼 충전 장치 및 방법에 관한 것이다.
id-CN107650688A    abstract-本发明提供一种电动汽车能量回收率的计算方法，用于计算电动汽车的能量回收率；电动汽车包括电池包以及驱动电机；电动汽车能量回收率的计算方法包括如下步骤：获取电池包的状态信息并发送至监控平台；获取驱动电机的状态信息并发送至监控平台；从监控平台获取电池包的状态信息以及驱动电机的状态信息；依据电池包的状态信息以及驱动电机的状态信息计算电动汽车的能量回收率。本发明提供的电动汽车能量回收率的计算方法无需采用专用的测量仪器，只需将电池包的状态信息以及驱动电机的状态信息发送至监控平台即可，成本较低且计算过程及数据处理过程较为简单。本发明还提供一种电动汽车能量回收率的计算系统。
id-KR20190024242A    abstract-본 발명은 회생제동에너지를 잉여 전력 이용 장치에서 활용하기 위한 전력분배기에 관한 것으로, 고전압 배터리의 전원을 전기자동차의 복수개의 고전압 전기장치에 분배하기 위해 하우징의 내부에 설치된 제어회로부; 상기 제어회로부에 접속된 고전압 선로의 입력단 또는 출력단에 접속되고, 상기 하우징의 외벽에 배열된 복수개의 커넥터부; 및 상기 고전압 선로와 전력 선로 사이에 접속되고, 전기자동차의 제동에 따른 회생발전 과정에서 만들어진 회생제동에너지를 잉여 전력 이용 장치에 공급하는 컨버터를 포함한다.
id-KR20190014808A    abstract-본 발명은 자동차의 주행력(바퀴 축이 회전하는 힘)을 전기로 활용하는 기계장치로  전기 자동차나 하이브리드 자동차에서 내리막길이나, 자주 정지와 가속을 하는 시내를 주행할 때, 블레이크 페달을 조금 밟을 시 주행하려는 관성의 힘(바퀴 축이 회전하는 힘)을, 바퀴 축 벨트 휠과 발전기 벨트 휠을 발전기 벨트로 연결해, 발전기를 가동하게 하여 배터리에 충전되게 해주어, 그 충전된 전기를 자동차를 가속할 때 사용함으로써 획기적으로 연료를 절감할 수 있고, 가속할 필요가 없을 때 가속 페달을 놓으면 시동연결스위치가 떼어지며 차단되어  시동을 꺼지게 하여 연료를 절감하고, 가속 페달위에 구비된 기어 중립 스위치가 접촉되어 기어를 중립으로 위지하게 하여 엔진 블레이크로 인한 추진력의 낭비를 방지하여야 효과를 증대시킬 수 있다.      수동변속 자동차에서는 가속 페달을 놓으면 클러치 유압기가 작동하여 클러치를 눌러주며 유압기를 이용하여, 기어 중립 레버 틀에 의해 기어를 중립으로 하여 기어변속이 용이하게 하는 기능과, 클러치는 눌려있으므로 속도와 상황에 맞게 기어 봉 만으로 기어를 넣고 가속페달을 조금 밟으면 시동연결 스위치가 접촉되어 시동이 켜지며, 가속페달을 더 밟으면 주행하게 되는 기능을 구비하고 있다.    본 발명은 자동변속기 자동차와 수동변속기 자동차의 조작의 불편함의 차이가 거의  없으므로, 수동변속자동차에 본 발명을 활용하면 수동변속기가 고장이 적고 연비가 좋으므로, 자동변속기보다 저렴한 수동변속기를 이용하여 하이브리드 자동차나 전기 자동차에 적용하면 효율이 자동변속차량보다 좋다 할 수 있다.    에어컨이나 히터를 미리 가동하기 위하여 미리 시동을 원격장치로 걸기 위해서는 전에 하차하기 전에 가속페달이 조금 밟힌 위치에 있도록 시동보조 레버를 구비하여 레버를 시동위치로 하여야한다.    또한, 전기 자동차의 경우 부족한 힘(속도)과 배터리 사용시간(주행거리)을 보완 해 줄 수 있다.
id-DE102017214819A1    abstract-Die Erfindung bezieht sich auf ein Straßenfahrzeug (30) mit zumindest einem elektrischen Antrieb (100) und zumindest einem elektrischen Energiespeicher (110) zum Speichern elektrischer Energie, wobei der Energiespeicher (110) zur Aufnahme von Bremsenergie und zum Versorgen des Antriebs (100) mit zuvor gespeicherter Bremsenergie elektrisch mit dem Antrieb (100) verbindbar ist. Erfindungsgemäß ist vorgesehen, dass das Straßenfahrzeug (30) ein mehrgliedriges Straßenfahrzeug (30) ist, das mindestens zwei lösbar miteinander gekuppelte, und jeweils mittels eines oder mehrerer eigener Antriebe (100) antreibbare Einzelwagen (31, 32, 33) aufweist, wobei jeder der mittels eines oder mehrerer eigener Antriebe (100) antreibbaren Einzelwagen (31, 32, 33) jeweils mit einem eigenen elektrischen Energiespeicher (110) zur Aufnahme von Bremsenergie des eigenen Einzelwagens (31, 32, 33) und Abgabe gespeicherter Bremsenergie an den oder die eigenen Antriebe (100) ausgestattet ist.
id-CN107444133A    abstract-本发明公开了一种能够高效利用惯性能的电动汽车，气动往复泵的缸体与车体联接，其活塞杆与车桥联接；气动往复泵的进气口联接外界环境、出气口联接蓄能器；气动马达的进气口联接蓄能器、出气口联接外界环境；气动马达的转轴通过单向轴承与空调压缩机的叶轮轴联接；导热体与电动机的外壳接触连接，第一换热管以“S”状结构设置于导热体中，第二换热管以螺旋状结构围绕在蓄能器的外壁中；第一换热管的出水口联接离心泵的进水口，离心泵的出水口联接第二换热管的进水口，第二换热管的出水口联接第一换热管的进水口。本发明具有的有益效果：能够利用汽车产生的惯性能和热能助力电动机散热和空调运行从而提高续航能力和行车舒适度。
id-CN107472035A    abstract-本发明公开了一种双电机电动客车主动制动能量回收系统及控制方法，其中，该系统包括分别与测距模块控制器相连的车前测距模块和车后测距模块，测距模块控制器用于根据车前测距模块和车后测距模块实时发来的测距信息计算出分别与前后车的车距、相对速度和安全距离并形成测距报文且以预设间隔时间传送给整车控制器；整车控制器还与油门踏板、制动踏板、第一电机控制器和第二电机控制器分别相连；整车控制器用于根据接收到的测距报文实时确定出控制策略，并结合接收到的油门踏板和制动踏板的相应偏移量形成控制报文；第一电机控制器和第二电机控制器分别用于实时接收整车控制器播报的控制报文，并根据整车需求进行动力输出以及制动能量回收。
id-CN109383304A    abstract-本申请公开了一种车辆的电驱动电路，包括电机电路、驱动电路、制动支路以及控制器；驱动电路、制动支路与电机电路两两连接，控制器与驱动电路、制动支路以及电机电路均相接控制器；控制器用于接收到控制指令时，向各电路及制动支路发送控制信号；其中，控制信号包括制动信号和驱动信号；制动支路用于当接收到制动信号时，调整制动支路的功率并储存电能在制动支路中；当接收到驱动信号时，将储存在制动支路中的电能输送至驱动电路中。制动支路可以在制动时储存电机的回收的部分电能，电机在制动时就可以提供更大的制动功率，更快的降低车速，从而不使用刹车片的机械制动就可以达到较好的制动性能。本申请还公开了一种车辆，具有上述有益效果。
id-US10399459B1    abstract-An energy recovery system for a machine, and particularly a multi-wheeled vehicle, includes an energy generation component housed within one or more of said wheel assemblies, coupled to an energy storage component which selectively receives energy from said vehicle motion effect on said energy generation component(s) and delivers said energy to a said energy storage component. In one embodiment, said energy generation is an electric generator, and said storage component is an electric battery.
id-CN110481345A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动车辆，包括发动机、发电电动机、控制器、蓄电池和行走发电电动机，所述发动机与所述发电电动机机械连接设置，所述发电电动机与所述控制器电力连通设置，所述行走发电电动机与所述控制器电力连通设置，所述蓄电池与所述控制器电力连通设置，所述控制器与电阻栅电力连通设置。本发明所公开的电动车辆不仅具有结构简单、自重轻、成本低的优点，而且能够有效地提高电动车辆的可靠性。
id-CN107757378A    abstract-本发明公开了一种插电式并联混合动力汽车再生制动控制方法，通过对CVT速比控制策略、再生制动比例控制策略及底层模糊控制策略进行研究，比以往的再生制动提高了车辆行驶过程中的能量转换效率。同时，减少了刹车时导致的机械磨损。本发明主要分为三个步骤：第一：CVT速比控制策略设计；第二：再生制动比例控制策略设计；第三，底层模糊控制策略设计。所构建的再生制动控制策略，比以往的混合动力汽车制动节省更多的电能，降低了能耗，节约资本。
id-CN107662503B    abstract-本发明涉及一种基于加速与制动踏板状态的电动汽车制动意图辨识方法，包括：分别采集制动踏板和加速踏板的位移及速度，并实时获得车速及电池荷电状态SOC参数值；建立包括加速模式、滑行模式、再生制动模式和紧急制动模式在内的制动意图识别模型；定义加速踏板的位移门限值A1，加速踏板的位移大于A1时进入加速模式，加速踏板的位移小于A1时进入再生制动模式；加速踏板和制动踏板的位移及速度均为零，进入滑行模式；定义制动踏板的制动强度，制动强度小于0.7进入再生制动模式，反之进入紧急制动模式；对制动踏板的行程信号进行Hilbert‑Huang变换后提取其特征向量，采用聚类识别算法对再生制动意图进行识别。
id-US10857891B2    abstract-Provided are an electronic brake system and a method of controlling the same. The electronic brake system includes a pedal input unit configured to receive a pedal force according to a driver's braking intention, an estimating unit configured to estimate a temperature and a friction coefficient of a brake disk pad, and a control unit configured to correct a braking target pressure according to the driver's braking intention on the basis of the estimated temperature and friction coefficient of the brake disk pad.
id-US10756392B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, a secondary battery is provided. The secondary battery includes a negative electrode, a positive electrode, a first aqueous electrolyte, a second aqueous electrolyte, and a partition having a first surface and a second surface opposite to the first surface. The partition is positioned between the negative electrode and the positive electrode. The first aqueous electrolyte is in contact with the first surface of the partition and the negative electrode. The second aqueous electrolyte is in contact with the second surface of the partition and the positive electrode. The partition contains a solid electrolyte having alkali metal ion conductivity. The first aqueous electrolyte includes an organic compound.
id-EP3457458B1    abstract-
id-CN109572438B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车及其再生制动控制方法、装置，其中，再生制动控制方法包括：在松开油门踏板时，判断电动汽车是否满足回馈控制条件；如果电动汽车满足回馈控制条件，则获取电动汽车的制动踏板的当前开度；根据电动汽车的制动踏板的当前开度控制电动汽车进入相应的回馈控制模式；在电动汽车进入相应的回馈控制模式后，根据电动汽车的当前挡位、驱动电机的转速、动力电池当前允许的最大回馈电流以及驱动电机当前允许的最大回馈功率对电动汽车进行回馈控制。该再生制动控制方法，能够提升能量回馈能力，且能够使得电动汽车在相同的制动踏板开度、不同挡位下制动时，具有相同的制动效果，提升了再生制动的平顺性。
id-EP3460895B1    abstract-
id-CN109552057B    abstract-本发明能够在适当的时序自动地开始能量回收。本发明涉及一种电动机驱动控制装置及电动助力车。本发明的电动机驱动控制装置具有：(A)驱动部，驱动电动机；以及(B)控制部，在搭载着电动机的车辆的加速度为负且第1特定值以下的状态持续第1特定时间的情况下，以从经过第1特定时间后起经过第2特定时间后开始能量回收的方式或使能量回收量渐增的方式控制所述驱动部。
id-US20200231066A1    abstract-An electric vehicle includes first to fourth motors respectively mounted to individually rotate right and left wheels in the front and rear of the vehicle, first to fourth fuel cell stack modules independently connected to the respective motors so as to supply power to the first to fourth motors, a battery pack for supplying power to the first to fourth motors, a main control part for controlling the first to fourth motors, the first to fourth fuel cell stack modules and the battery pack and a tank for supplying hydrogen gas to the first to fourth fuel cell stack modules.
id-CN109552290B    abstract-本发明公开提供电子制动系统以及工作方法。电子制动系统包括：通过与制动器踏板的位移对应地输出的电信号，启动液压活塞产生液压的液压供给装置；以及控制供给至每一个轮缸的加压介质的液压的液压控制单元，通过控制液压控制单元所具备的多个阀的工作，从而可以执行正常工作模式和非正常工作模式、再生制动模式以及检查模式。
id-CN107697046A    abstract-本发明涉及车辆紧急制动领域，具体涉及一种自动紧急制动方法及系统。该方法包括：实时检测是否有紧急制动信号；如果是，获取车辆轮速并根据所述轮速计算当前车速；判断当前车速是否大于设定安全车速值；如果是，控制车辆进入紧急制动模式；否则，控制所述驻车执行器以平地力驻车。通过本发明，提高了车辆制动的安全性。
id-DE112018005137T5    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung sieht ein System zur Verwendung in einem Anhänger vor, der von einem Fahrzeug gezogen werden kann. Der Anhänger besteht aus einer Achse mit zwei Rädern und mindestens einem daran gekoppelten Elektromotor. Der Anhänger und das Fahrzeug verfügen über komplementäre Kupplungsteile zum Ankuppeln des Anhängers an das Fahrzeug an einer Kupplung des Anhängers. Das System umfasst Empfangsmittel, die so konfiguriert sind, dass sie ein Kupplungssignal empfangen, das den Zustand der Kupplung zwischen den Kupplungskomponenten anzeigt. Das System umfasst Verarbeitungsmittel, die so konfiguriert sind, dass sie anhand des Kupplungssignals der Kupplung bestimmen, ob die Kupplungskomponenten abgekoppelt sind. Das System umfasst auch Steuermittel, die so konfiguriert sind, dass der mindestens eine Elektromotor als Reaktion auf die Feststellung, dass die Kupplungskomponenten abgekoppelt sind, eine Kraft auf die Räder ausübt, an die er gekoppelt ist.
id-CN107745639A    abstract-本发明公开了一种能量回馈方法、能量回馈系统和车辆，该能量回馈方法包括：检测车辆当前状态是否满足制动回馈条件；当满足所述制动回馈条件时，根据车速、路面情况和制动减速度从多个制动回馈档位中自动选定一个制动回馈档位，其中，所述多个制动回馈档位一一对应有彼此互不相同的制动回馈系数曲线；根据自动选定的制动回馈档位对应的制动回馈系数曲线和车速得到第一制动回馈系数；根据制动力矩和所述第一制动回馈系数得到第一制动回馈力矩；根据所述第一制动回馈力矩进行能量回馈。本发明具有如下优点：可以使车辆在行驶稳定的前提下的最大限度进行能量回馈。
id-JP6759171B2    abstract-
id-EP3640103A1    abstract-A power regeneration system of a work vehicle includes: a first generator (12) and a second generator (31) that are driven by an engine (11); a first electric circuit (C1) for supplying electric power to traveling motors (10L, 10R); a second electric circuit (C2) for supplying electric power to an auxiliary device (35); a voltage step down converter (21) providing electric power from the first electric circuit to the second electric circuit; and a controller (51) that determines whether a travel mode of the work vehicle is a powering mode or a regeneration mode in order to control driving of the voltage step down converter. If the travel mode is the regeneration mode, the controller provides the regenerative power from the first electric circuit through the voltage step down converter to the second electric circuit, in order to drive the auxiliary device with the regenerative power.
id-CN107933326B    abstract-本发明涉及一种双源无轨电车电电耦合控制方法及动力装置，利用小波变换功率分流策略将汽车的需求功率分解为高频和低频两部分，充分利用超级电容在提供瞬时的大电流和高频功率的优势，将汽车需求功率的高频部分让超级电容提供，汽车需求功率的低频部分由动力电池或供电线网提供，制动过程利用超级电容的特性首先给超级电容充电。整个系统将动力电池不擅长提供的高频部分能量由超级电容来提供，同时当处于在网工作模式时供电线网可以根据实际行驶状况以及动力电池和超级电容的荷电状态来实时调整能量分配，即给汽车行驶需求提供能量以及给动力电池和超级电容充电情况，而在脱网工作模式时动力电池和超级电容协同工作，提供汽车行驶的功率需求。
id-CN109546202A    abstract-本发明涉及二次电池、电池组和车辆。提供安全性高、并且显示高的能量密度、同时抑制自放电的二次电池、含有该二次电池的电池组、和搭载有该电池组的车辆。根据实施方式，提供二次电池，其具备：正极、负极和电解质。负极含有负极活性物质。负极活性物质含有含钛金属氧化物粒子、锐钛矿型TiO 2 相和固体电解质相。锐钛矿型TiO 2 相和固体电解质相分别配置于含钛金属氧化物粒子的表面的至少一部分。电解质含有电解质盐和水。
id-CN107499190A    abstract-本发明涉及高速动车组动力牵引和再生制动的能量储放电系统，该系统由车载能量储放电路、车外充电电路和动车组CRH型既有部分电路组成。由车外充电电路经压力开关K1，输入车载能量储放电路的输入端；由主变流器输出的直流电经压力开关K2输至电动机逆变器后，给牵引电动机供电；由发电机变流器通过压力开关K3，输入能量储放电路的输入端；由车载能量储放电路的输出端输出的直流电，通过压力开关K4，并经变压器输至蓄电池充电机，再经可控二极管给蓄电池充电和车内直流用电供电。本发明电路结构简单，可避免变压器和充电机给列车的载荷负担；车载能量储放电路容量大，制动电能无需反馈至供电网，直接回馈至能量储放电路，可避免制动电阻的能量耗损。
id-WO2019053675A2    abstract-Disclosed is a regenerative braking arrangement for an electrical vehicle. The regenerative braking arrangement includes at least one electrical motor including a casing, a stator mounted on the casing. The stator includes one or more planar (plate-like) stator elements extending from the casing. The motor also includes a rotor having a shaft and a one or more plate-like rotor elements attached to the shaft and magnetic bearings coupled to ends of the shaft. The one or more planar (plate-like) stator and rotor elements include electrical winding coil arrangements having a regenerative braking coil arrangement. The regenerative braking arrangement also includes a motor control arrangement having a rotor excitation unit and a switching control unit for selectively energizing the regenerative braking coil arrangement for generating electrical power from the at least one electrical motor when regenerative braking is applied in operation to recharge the rechargeable battery arrangement of the electrical vehicle.
id-WO2019054875A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method for converting a diesel-electric, or diesel hydraulic rail vehicle to an all-electric rail vehicle capable of moving on partially electrified railway tracks, comprising providing the vehicle a storage and autonomous supply electric power system comprising an electric traction unit, if not present in the vehicle prior to the conversion, or if the existing electric traction unit is to be replaced; an accumulator unit comprising one or more electricity accumulators, and a super capacitor unit comprising one or more super-capacitive assemblies; a power supply device for supplying external power when available to the traction and the storage and supply system, and a control and distribution system for distributing electric power between the traction system, the power supply device and the electric power storage and autonomous supply system according to the traction operation and availability of external power.
id-KR101873353B1    abstract-본 발명은 전기차량용 제동 저항기에 관한 것으로, 본 발명에 의하면, 와이어 형상으로서 U 자형으로 절곡된 저항 엘레멘트(110)와, 상기 저항 엘레멘트(110)의 양 단자의 끝이 노출되도록 상기 U 자형의 저항 엘레멘트(110)를 외포하여서 보호하고 있는 금속 재질의 U자 보호관(120)과, 상기 U자 보호관(120)에 충진되어서 상기 저항 엘레멘트(110)와 U자 보호관(120)을 절연하고, 전기차량용 제동 저항기(100)가 설치되는 전기차량에서 발생하는 진동을 흡수 및 완충하는 규사층(130)를 포함하여 구성되는 것을 특징으로 하는 것을 특징으로 하고, 이에 의하면, 전기차량이 진동이 있더라도 진동에 영향을 받지 않는 이점이 있다.
id-DE102017215680A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Abbremsen eines Fahrzeuges, insbesondere eines Flurförderfahrzeuges sowie eine Vorrichtung zur Durchführung des Verfahrens.Es wird vorgeschlagen, dass während des Bremsvorganges die Verzögerung des Fahrzeuges geregelt wird. Als Vorrichtung wird ein Antriebs- und Bremssystem vor geschlagen, welches mindestens ein Antriebsrad (5), eine elektrische Maschine (2), betreibbar als Motor und Generator, mit einem Drehzahlsensor (3), und verbunden mit einer Batterie (11), ein Bremspedal (8), verbunden mit einem Potentiometer (9), als Soll-Wertsteller für eine Verzögerung des Fahrzeuges, eine Steuereinrichtung (1), mindestens einen Beschleunigungssensor (10) und mindestens eine zusätzliche, vorzugsweise mechanische Bremse (4) umfasst.
id-DE102017216635A1    abstract-Die Erfindung schlägt ein Fahrzeug (10) vor, aufweisend zwei in Querrichtung des Fahrzeuges (10) voneinander beabstandete erste Räder (12); zwei ansteuerbare elektrische Antriebseinheiten (14), die jeweils zum Antreiben eines der beiden er-sten Räder (12) ausgebildet sind; zwei in Querrichtung des Fahrzeuges (10) voneinander beabstandete zweite Räder (16); zwei ansteuerbare elektrische Lenkeinheiten (18), die jeweils zum Lenken eines der beiden zweiten Räder (16) ausgebildet sind; zwei ansteuerbare elektrische Bremseinheiten (20), die jeweils zum Bremsen eines der beiden zweiten Räder (16) ausgebildet sind; ein erstes elektrisches Bordnetz (30-1) mit einer ersten Energiespeichereinheit (32-1) zum elektrischen Versorgen einer der beiden Antriebseinheiten (14), einer der beiden Lenkeinheiten (18) und einer der beiden Bremseinheiten (20), und ein zweites elektrisches Bordnetz (30-2) mit einer zweiten Energiespeichereinheit (32-2) zum elektrischen Versorgen der anderen der beiden Antriebseinheiten (14), der anderen der beiden Lenkeinheiten (18) und der anderen der beiden Bremseinheiten (20); und eine Steuereinrichtung (40), die zum Ansteuern der Antriebseinheiten (14), der Lenkeinheiten (18) und der Bremseinheiten (20) ausgebildet ist. Gemäß einer Ausführungsvariante ist das erste Bordnetz (30a-1) zum Versorgen der Antriebseinheiten (14a) und das zweite Bordnetz (30a-2) zum Versorgen der Lenkeinheiten (18a) und der Bremseinheiten (20a) vorgesehen.
id-NL2019561B1    abstract-An electrically—powered vehicle assembly for moving on partially electrified railway tracks, the 5 vehicle assembly comprising: i. an electrically powered traction system; ii. a storage and autonomous electric power supply system comprising i. an accumulator unit comprising one or more electricity accumulators, preferably a lithium or lithium iron assembly, and 10 ii. a super capacitor unit comprising one or more super—capacitive assemblies; iii. a power supply device for supplying external power when available to the traction and the storage and supply system, and iv. a control and distribution system for distributing electric power between the 15 traction system, the power supply device and the electric power storage and autonomous supply system according to the traction operation and availability of external power.
id-CN107379971A    abstract-本发明涉及电力机车制动驱动控制技术领域，尤其是一种电机全电子再生制动能量回收系统，它包括电机、逆变电路、电源变换电路和储供电路以及调控电路，电源变换电路由换向开关和开关电源电路组成，换向开关用于切换逆变电路、储供电路与开关电源电路的对接状态；调控电路由信号检测电路A、B、C和微处理器组成，微处理器用于实时采集整车控制系统当前的控制信号及信号检测电路A、B、C反馈的电压、电流及频率信号，并实现对逆变电路和电源变换电路工作状态的实时控制；本发明控制结构简单、体积小、故障率低、安装调试方便，在实现对电机驱动和制动控制的同时，达到了对制动能量的回收利用和能量的高效转化，具有广阔的市场前景。
id-US20190077244A1    abstract-A system for regenerating an emissions particulate filter that filters particulates from exhaust generated by an engine of a vehicle. The system includes an electric heater and a generator. The electric heater heats the emissions particulate filter to burn off exhaust particulates that have accumulated on the emissions particulate filter. The generator converts kinetic energy of the vehicle into electricity during regenerative braking of the vehicle. Electricity generated by the generator powers the electric heater. Energy used to power the electric heater can also come from engine load shifting.
id-US10017056B1    abstract-Systems and methods are disclosed for electric vehicles with removable homopolar generators for increased driving distances. In one embodiment, an example electric vehicle may include at least one drive motor configured to impart motion to one or more wheels of the electric vehicle, a plurality of rechargeable batteries configured to power the at least one drive motor, and a homopolar generator positioned within the electric vehicle and electrically coupled to the plurality of rechargeable batteries. The homopolar generator may be configured to generate current to charge the plurality of rechargeable batteries. The electric vehicle may include one or more solid state relays electrically coupled between the plurality of rechargeable batteries, and a controller configured to manage charging of the plurality of rechargeable batteries.
id-CN107804191A    abstract-本发明提供一种提高电动汽车续航里程的系统，其应用于电动汽车中，提高电动汽车续航里程的系统包括电池组、电机、电机控制器及整车控制器；电池组为电机提供电能；电机将电池组提供的电能转换成动能以驱动电动汽车；电机控制器用于控制电机；整车控制器用于采集电机的转速、电机的输入电流、电机的输入电压、电机的输出电流及电机的输出电压；整车控制器根据电机的转速计算得到电动汽车的车速，并根据电机的输入电流、电机的输入电压、电机的输出电流及电机的输出电压计算电机的效率。本发明的提高电动汽车续航里程的系统，通过对电机的优化及增加档，实现对所述电动汽车的优化，使所述电动汽车的以最优的能量运行，提高电动汽车的续航里程。
id-US10173663B1    abstract-An electric vehicle receives propulsion power from two sources of Static, stored, electric power and three sources of Dynamic, generated electric power. The two stored sources are a Battery and a supercapacitor system. The three sources of Dynamic power are: (1) Regenerative power in both the braking, deceleration phase of travel, the downward slope of travel over some extended distance, and part of cruise control; (2) Power from a modified Squirrel Cage Generator; and (3) Power through the solar silicon panels. The Static and Dynamic powers are fed into the current Consolidator, Distributer, and Controller (CDC) systems to provide electric power to the drive motors. The total distance travelled is the sum of the Static, stored power plus the generated power of the Dynamic system.
id-CN107521378A    abstract-本发明公开一种新能源汽车的电机节能控制系统，包括：分压模块连接在电池组的输出端，分压模块至少包括三个串联设置的电容，其中二个电容为可调电容，每个可调电容上设置有容值调整机构；前置电机、后置电机，后置电机为单相永磁同步电机，后置驱动器连接后置电机的定子端；储能模块；以及主控制器，前置电机的转子轴通过第一离合器与后置电机的转子轴联动，前置电机转子轴通过第一变速箱与汽车前轮联动，汽车后轮依次通过第二变速箱和第二离合器与后置电机的转子轴联动，第一变速箱和第二变速箱均为变比可调变速箱。本发明减小汽车启动和加速过程中的能耗，提高汽车行驶里程数，通过设置多级可调的稳压调控单元，进一步降低了电机使用能耗。
id-WO2019056046A1    abstract-There is disclosed an energy management system for a towed vehicle comprising; an energy harvesting system for harvesting electrical energy from the energy of the towed vehicle; an energy storage system for storing said harvested electrical energy; and a computer controller for controlling the release of said stored electrical energy to one or more components of the towed vehicle for operating the towed vehicle.
id-KR20190029015A    abstract-본 발명은 연료전지 차량의 제어 방법에 관한 것으로서, (a) 연료전지 차량이 회생 제동을 실시하는지 여부를 판단하는 단계; (b) 상기 회생 제동을 실시하는 경우에, 상기 회생 제동을 통해 생성된 회생 전력을 배터리에 충전 가능한지 여부를 판단하는 단계; (c) 상기 배터리의 충전이 불가능한 경우에, 연료전지 스택에 순환시키기 위한 냉각수의 온도가 미리 정해진 정상 온도에 비해 미리 정해진 기준 온도 차이 이상 낮은지 여부를 판단하는 단계; 및 (d) 상기 냉각수의 온도가 상기 정상 온도에 비해 상기 기준 온도 차이 이상 낮은 경우에, 상기 냉각수 가열이 가능한 냉각수 히터를 상기 회생 전력 중 적어도 일부를 이용해 가동하여, 상기 회생 전력 중 적어도 일부를 상기 냉각수 히터를 통해 소모하는 단계를 포함할 수 있다.
id-US20190070973A1    abstract-A power supply system includes: a first power storage device; a second power storage device having a lower voltage than the first power storage device; a DC-DC converter including a choke coil, a first switching element, a diode connected in parallel with the first switching element, and a second switching element; a semiconductor relay configured to switch a connection state between a second end of the choke coil and the second power storage device; and a controller configured to perform PWM control of the first switching element and the second switching element to control ON and OFF of the semiconductor relay. When an ON time of the second switching element is controlled to become zero and a current flowing out from the second power storage device exceeds a first reference current, the controller reduces a duty ratio of an ON time of the first switching element.
id-WO2019049836A1    abstract-駆動アシストまたは回生制動が行えて、車両の重量が増大することを抑えると共に、電動発電機から想定しない制動力等が発生することを防止する車両動力補助システムを提供する。この車両動力補助システムは、直流電源(10)と、車輪(5)を回転支持する車輪用軸受に支持され、駆動アシスト力または回生制動力を発生させる電動発電機(14)と、制御装置(39)とを備える。制御装置(39)は、直流電力を交流電力に変換する電力変換回路(12)と、電力変換回路(12)を制御する制御回路(16)と、電力変換回路(12)と電動発電機(14)との間に設けられ電気的に接続と遮断を切り替え可能な相開放回路(13)とを有する。制御回路(16)は、電動発電機(14)が回転することにより発生する誘起電圧が電源電圧を超えるとき、相開放回路(13)により電動発電機(14)と直流電源(10)とを電気的に切り離す。
id-TW201912495A    abstract-本發明具備：電池，可充放電；電動發電機，藉由電池所供給的電力來輸出用於驅動車輪的轉矩，或是，隨著車輪的旋轉來輸出電力；充電部，以電源所供給的電力來將電池充電；旋轉速度檢測部，用於檢測在輸出電力的狀態中之電動發電機的旋轉速度；及控制部，進行以電動發電機輸出的電力來將電池充電的控制，且對充電部進行以電源所供給的電力來將電池充電的控制，又，控制部在旋轉速度被檢測到後，直到被檢測到的旋轉速度為臨界速度以下的狀態持續臨界時間為止，都會對以電源所供給的電力來將電池充電的控制做待機動作，並在臨界速度以下的狀態已持續臨界時間時，進行以電源所供給的電力來將電池充電的控制。
id-WO2019059361A1    abstract-本開示の一側面の車両電源システムは、被制御部（２０、３７、４７）と、作動設定部（１０Ａ、１０Ｂ）と、を備える。被制御部は、第１電源系統または第２電源系統に接続されて構成される。作動設定部は、第１電源系統または第２電源系統のうちの、被制御部が接続された電源系統とは異なる電源系統を表す制御元系統に接続され、被制御部が接続された電源系統と同じ電源系統を表す制御先系統の電圧変化の予兆を示すパラメータを取得し、パラメータが示す予兆に応じて被制御部の給電状態を設定するように構成される。
id-CN109649185B    abstract-本申请公开了用于控制具有电机的车辆的装置和方法。所述装置包括用于检测各个车轮的速度的车轮速度传感器，和用于控制车辆的滑行再生扭矩的控制器。所述控制器基于使用所述车轮速度传感器检测获取的车轮速度来降低滑行再生扭矩。所述控制器基于车轮间的速度差值并基于车轮滑动率的变化来降低滑行再生扭矩。
id-US10730393B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to wheel torques of respective vehicle axles in response to an anti-lock braking system being activated. Additionally, friction braking torque is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to the anti-lock braking system being activated.
id-EP3697639B1    abstract-
id-JP7073669B2    abstract-
id-US10933752B2    abstract-A device comprises motor controller coupled to a drive motor and a battery pack of a vehicle. The motor controller comprises a processor that is configured to: determine that the vehicle is engaged in a neutral braking mode, and after determining that the vehicle is engaged in the neutral braking mode: select a neutral braking torque curve, determine a rotational velocity of the drive motor, based on the determined rotational velocity of the drive motor, determine an amount of regenerative braking torque to apply to the drive motor based on the selected neutral braking torque curve, apply the determined amount of regenerative braking torque to the drive motor, wherein applying the determined amount of regenerative braking torque to the drive motor results in a regenerative current generated by the drive motor, and supply the regenerative current to the battery pack to at least partially recharge the battery pack.
id-US10333338B2    abstract-An exemplary charging method includes charging a storage battery of a mule vehicle as a tow vehicle tows the mule vehicle to a stranded vehicle. The storage battery configured to be electrically coupled to a traction battery of an electrified vehicle to charge the traction battery. An exemplary charging assembly includes a mule vehicle. A storage battery of the mule vehicle charges as the mule vehicle is towed to a stranded vehicle. The storage battery is configured to be electrically coupled to a traction battery of the electrified vehicle to charge the traction battery.
id-US11084498B2    abstract-An apparatus and a method for controlling a driving mode of a vehicle are provided. The apparatus includes a mode converter that converts the driving mode of the vehicle based on an operation of a mode conversion input. When the driving mode is converted into a custom mode, a mode setting screen for adjusting a setting value of a driving characteristic preset is configured and the configured mode setting screen is displayed on a display of the vehicle. A tuning device then tunes a driving characteristic of the custom mode based on a setting value adjusted on the mode setting screen.
id-JP6879467B2    abstract-
id-CN109677279A    abstract-提供了一种车辆以及控制车辆的方法。该车辆配备有电存储装置、驱动马达、可以由再生电力驱动的辅助装置、以及控制单元。当电存储装置处于不可充电状态时，控制单元执行用于使辅助装置消耗再生电力的不可充电控制，并且在生成再生电力并执行用于改变成生成更大量的再生电力的操作模式的操作性操纵的情况下，即使当电存储装置处于可充电状态时，控制单元执行用于使辅助装置消耗再生电力的特定操纵控制。
id-US20190152482A1    abstract-Brake force distribution via a combination of mechanical braking and regenerative braking techniques is described. In an example, a brake system of a vehicle can detect a braking action and can cause a first negative force to be distributed across two or more wheel assemblies associated with the vehicle. A control system of the vehicle can send a command to at least a power system of the vehicle to cause the power system to affect a second negative force on a first wheel assembly and a positive force on a second wheel assembly to cause an uneven distribution of brake force between the first wheel assembly and the second wheel assembly. As a result, a combined net braking force is applied to the front wheels—the wheels with the most grip—and a reduced net braking force to is applied to the rear wheels to prevent rear-wheel lock-up.
id-CN109677393A    abstract-本发明提供了一种混合动力系统发电扭矩的计算方法及装置，该方法包括：计算整车制动需求扭矩值；确定混合动力系统的当前混动工作模式；当当前混动工作模式为并联混动工作模式时，根据整车制动需求扭矩值、TM电机的当前转速值和ISG电机的当前转速值，计算TM电机和所述ISG电机各自的最优发电扭矩值。基于本发明公开的方法，通过计算并联混动工作模式下TM电机和ISG电机各自的最优发电扭矩值，实现了在满足整车制动需求的前提下，最大限度地保证了TM电机和ISG电机工作在各自的高效率区，进而也就提高了混合动力系统的制动效率。
id-JP2019079181A    abstract-【課題】送迎リクエストの待機中の電力の消費量を抑え、且つ、送迎リクエストに応じたピックアップの際の車両の室内温度がユーザにとって不快な温度となるのを抑える。【解決手段】ユーザからの送迎リクエストを受信したら（ステップＳ２００）、管理センタは、送迎リクエストに沿う空き車両を抽出し、送迎車両に選定する（ステップＳ２０１）。送迎車両の選定後、管理センタは、空調ＯＮ指示を送迎車両に送信する（ステップＳ２０２）。ドロップオフ完了情報を送迎車両から受信したら（ステップＳ２０５）、管理センタは、待機エリアを選定し（ステップＳ２０６）、空調ＯＦＦ指示を送迎車両に送信する（ステップＳ２０７）。【選択図】図３
id-CN109693659B    abstract-提供一种车辆和运算系统。为了实现搭载在车辆上的通用运算装置的活用。车辆100的控制装置113具备第一处理部151、第二处理部152以及第三处理部153。在此，第一处理部151被编程为取得通用运算装置111的剩余运算力。第二处理部152被编程为在由第一处理部151取得的剩余运算力比预先确定的运算力大的情况下，由通用运算装置111运算存储于第一存储部131的运算问题，并将运算结果存储于第二存储部132。第三处理部153被编程为利用通信装置112将存储于第二存储部132的运算结果发送给外部服务器200。
id-DE102017122949A1    abstract-Die Offenbarung bezieht sich auch eine Vorrichtung zur Rückgewinnung elektrischer Energie bei Leichtfahrzeugen (10, 110), mit einer Generatoreinheit (44), die potentielle Energie oder kinetische Energie in elektrische Energie umwandelt, die einer Energiespeichereinheit (32) zugeführt wird, um als Antriebsenergie zur Verfügung zu stehen, wobei die Umwandlung fahrzustandsabhängig und/oder unter Ausnutzung von Nebenbewegungen des Leichtfahrzeugs erfolgt. Die Offenbarung bezieht sich ferner auf ein Leichtfahrzeug (10, 110) mit einer Energierückgewinnungsvorrichtung und mit einem elektromotorischen Antrieb oder Hilfsantrieb (30), mit einem Energiespeicher, dem die gewonnene elektrische Energie zuführbar ist, und mit einer Steuereinheit (66), wobei die Steuereinheit (66) vorzugsweise einen Intensitätsgrad der Energierückgewinnung regelt.
id-CN107856477A    abstract-一种新能源半挂车辅助驱动后桥及其能量回馈控制方法，涉及一种汽车后桥及其能量回馈控制方法，后桥包括电机、主减速器、能量回馈系统等；电机输出端与主减速器输入端连接，主减速器固定在桥壳上，主减速器输出端与差速器总成连接，差速器总成通过半轴与轮毂连接。方法是在续流阶段下，电机线圈作为电感储能，将车辆滑行的机械能转化为电感磁场能量，产生泵升电压；在能量回馈阶段下，控制器根据传感器模块信号对逆变器IGBT功率模块通断进行有规律的PWM控制；当产生的电压高于储能单元电压时，将电流回馈至储能单元，达到能量回馈的目的。本发明能够辅助半挂车驱动，具有传动效率高、整车节油率高、体积小、重量轻等特点，易于推广使用。
id-DE102017219204A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Laden eines Fahrzeugs (F) mit elektrischem Antrieb beschrieben. Das Verfahren sieht vor: Verbinden eines Speichers (SP) des elektrischen Antriebs mit einer Ladestation (TL); Erfassen des Ist-Ladezustands (LI) des Speichers (SP), bevor Energie zwischen der Ladestation (ST) und dem Speicher (SP) ausgetauscht wird; Ermitteln eines Ladezustandsverlaufs (LV), der sich aus Rekuperation (R) entlang einer vorausliegenden Route (VR) des Fahrzeugs (F) ergibt; und Übertragen (UE) von elektrischer Energie (E) zwischen der Ladestation und dem Speicher (SP), bis ein Soll-Ladezustand (LS) erreicht ist.Der Soll-Ladezustand (LS) ist geringer als ein vorgegebener Maximalladezustand (LM) und ist derart gewählt ist, dass das Maximum (MAX) des Ladezustandsverlaufs (LV) dem vorgegebenen Maximalladezustand (LM) des Speichers (SP) entspricht.Ferner werden eine Ladesteuerung und eine Ladestation eingerichtet zum Ausführen des Verfahrens beschrieben.
id-CN109693547A    abstract-本发明提供了一种新型的电动汽车制动能量回收装置及方法，所述装置包括：超级电容器；其中超级电容器通过电机控制器与ISG同步电机相连，并暂时存储ISG同步电机回收的电能；超级电容器通过第一DC/DC变换器与车载电器相连接；同时超级电容器通过动力电池组和辅助锂电池相连接。所述方法在于使再生制动时产生的电能首先由超级电容器存储。再生制动结束后，超级电容器一部分电流为车载电池充电的同时，另一部分电流经转换后供给特定的车用电器。当起步、加速时，由超级电容和动力蓄电池组联合驱动电动机。其连接方式如图1所示。并搭建了模拟实验台。实验结果表明，制动能量回收利用的效率提高了10.01％。
id-CN107697206A    abstract-本发明涉及一种轻便的电动自行两用车，它既有电动自行车的省力，又有自行车骑行的轻便灵活，它的结构是；①在电动自行车的前方和后面都设置铭牌；②把电动自行车的车架和电池制造成一体；③采用了两个电池和一个超级电脑为电动自行车供电；④每台车带一个记录身份的磁卡；⑤充电插口上有锁具；⑥保留自行车骑行轻便灵活的功能，因此是一种城市里短途出行的重要交通工具，对消除城市空气污染和雾霾天气，解决城市的交通堵塞能起到重要作用。
id-CN107804176B    abstract-一种基于新能源车辆辅助制动的控制系统，包括主控制模块、数字信号处理模块、正负电源模块、A/D采集模块、CAN通讯模块、信号驱动模块、驱动模块、驱动保护电路、上电预充电电路和故障保护电路，各个模块相互配合，各个电路正常工作，逻辑紧密、响应速度快、控制精度高；本发明的控制方法，包括主控制程序和子控制程序，包括正常工作模式和故障处理模式，故障处理模式下包括一级故障诊断和温度故障诊断，确保了不影响原车制动的前提下，弥补特定条件下制动不足的缺点，确保了各个电路正常、高效工作，提高制动效率、拓宽应用条件，能够有效保护电池、延长电池使用年限，减少车辆主制动的磨损，实现了车辆安全、可靠、快速制动。
id-CN109693546A    abstract-本发明公开了一种纯电动汽车制动能量回收装置，其中，包括壳体、主轴、转轴和能量回收组件。所述壳体为筒状，所述壳体固定设置，所述主轴可转动地安装在所述壳体内，且所述壳体的轴线与所述主轴同轴设置；所述壳体内可转动地设有多个转轴，多个所述转轴均与所述主轴传动连接；所述能量回收组件与所述转轴一一对应，所述能量回收组件包括转子组件和定子组件，所述转子组件安装在对应的转轴上，所述定子组件套设在对应的转轴上；所述转子组件上设有永磁体，所述定子组件上设有电磁线圈。本发明能够提高纯电动汽车制动时能量回收的效率。
id-US20200207329A1    abstract-A method, apparatus, and system are disclosed for incrementally derating a torque applied by a drivetrain in response a number of traction control events detected by a traction control system over a predetermined time period.
id-CN107914583A    abstract-一种飞轮混动双电机四轮驱动电动车辆制动控制方法属于电动汽车制动控制领域，其特征在于能够根据行车工况、部件状态、驾驶员需求驱动转矩等，实现对前、后轴电机再生制动、前轴飞轮再生制动及前、后轴机械制动的合理分配。其中，前轴制动优先采用飞轮再生制动，不足部分由电机再生制动与机械制动弥补，以充分发挥飞轮瞬时大功率再生制动优势，提高整车制动能量回收效率，并降低动力电池充电功率；后轴制动优先采用电机再生制动，不足部分由机械制动弥补，以充分发挥电机再生制动优势，提高整车制动能量回收效率，延长整车续驶里程。
id-CN107791843B    abstract-本发明提出一种电动列车的动力控制及转换系统，第一节列车内设置有中央控制设备，其余各节列车内均设置有终端设备，中央控制设备和终端设备依次连接；除第一节列车外的其余各节列车还包括：受电弓，用于各节列车从高架线上获取电力；电力转换装置，与受电弓连接，用于进行电压转换，另一端连接有交流电动机；电力转换装置中设置有轻负载再生判定单元，用于判定电力转换装置是否处于轻负载再生状态；辅助电源，与受电弓连接，用于电力转换装置处于轻负载再生状态时通过受电弓获取高架线上的再生电力直流电压并用于终端设备。本发明能够实现有效利用电动列车动力控制系统的再生能源，同时不需要增加蓄电装置，避免成本的增加。
id-CN107745638A    abstract-本发明提供了一种纯电动客车制动能力回收装置，包括电机、电池、减速器、整车控制器及再生制动控制装置，再生制动控制装置包括制动器，制动器包括摩擦片、制动盘、推进杆及壳本体；推进杆推动制动盘与摩擦片靠近或远离，制动盘通过螺母活塞连接在壳本体上；推进杆推动摩擦片平移靠近或远离制动盘，推进杆还设置有限位套管，该限位套管具有两个纵向的连接部，该连接部与壳本体固定连接。本发明所述的回收装置壳本体体积较小，内容量设计合理，制动盘与摩擦片的配合结构紧凑、制动能力优良；摩擦片散热结构优良，同时消音效果良好，摩擦片连接牢固，结构合理，控制效果好；制动盘装配牢固，维护方便。
id-CN107804175A    abstract-本发明公开了一种将刹车能量回收利用的刹车系统，包括刹车装置，所述刹车装置上设有陶瓷刹车片，所述陶瓷刹车片上方设有位移传感器，所述陶瓷刹车片一侧设有传热装置，所述刹车装置外设有热能发电装置，所述热能发电装置外侧设有微型稳压器，所述微型稳压器一侧设有微型电压变送器，所述微型电压变送器一侧设有微型变压器，所述微型变压器一侧设有蓄电池，所述刹车装置外设有控制器，所述控制器的信号接收端与位移传感器电性连接，所述控制器的电源输出端与微型导热油循环泵、微型稳压器、微型电压变送器和微型变压器电性连接。本发明的有益效果是，结构简单，实用性强。
id-DE102017218710A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Anordnung zum Energiemanagement eines Kraftfahrzeugs, welche eine Elektromaschine EM, ausgebildet zum Umwandeln kinetischer Energie in elektrische Energie und zum Abgeben der elektrischen Energie aufweist, wobei die elektrische Energie direkt über mindestens zwei unterschiedliche Spannungen U1, U2 abgebbar ist.Des Weiteren werden ein Kraftfahrzeug mit einer solchen Anordnung und eine Verfahren zum Energiemanagement eines Kraftfahrzeugs angegeben.
id-NL2019751B1    abstract-De uitvinding betreft een beladingssysteem, een vuilnisauto voorzien daarvan en werkwijze daarvoor. Het beladingssysteem omvat: - een gestel dat met koppelmiddelen bevestigbaar is aan de verzamelaar; - een aan het gestel aangebracht hefmechanisme voor het oppakken en heffen van de container; - een werkzaam met het hefmechanisme verbonden hefaandrijfsysteem, waarbij het hefaandrijfsysteem omvattende: - een hefaandrijving voorzien van een voedingsaansluiting en ingericht voor het aandrijven van het hefmechanisme; en - een energiemodule omvattende een condensator voor het via de voedingsaansluiting verschaffen van energie aan de hefaandrijving.
id-US10513186B1    abstract-The in-wheel electric motor system with an increased electromagnetic flux and energy recovery brake provides electromagnetic flux with optimal characteristics of starting torque and peak power in all modes of motor operating. It becomes possible because the stator of the electric motor consists of windings with a “star” connection and windings with a “wye” connection in such a way that electromagnetic fields of these windings are summed and the number of phases of the motor is more than a standard motor that has one type of winding.
id-RU2659129C1    abstract-Изобретение относится к электродинамическим тормозным системам для транспортных средств. Способ управления темпом рекуперативного торможения электромобиля заключается в изменении магнитного потока в статорном магните обратимой электрической машины, при этом при минимальном темпе торможения система управления коммутатором подключает одну группу витков катушки намагничивания статорного магнита к противоположному полюсу аккумулятора, а для максимального темпа торможения система управления коммутатором подключает все катушки намагничивания последовательно к аккумулятору. Промежуточный темп торможения задается подключением соответствующего числа витков катушки намагничивания к аккумулятору. Электромашина включает в себя аккумулятор, группы витков катушки намагничивания статорного магнита, коммутатор, выводы коллектора и систему управления. При этом начальная точка катушки намагничивания соединена с одним из полюсов аккумулятора и через несколько последовательно соединенных групп витков катушки намагничивания отводами катушки соединена с коммутатором, вывод от которого соединен с противоположным полюсом аккумулятора. Технический результат заключается в упрощении системы рекуперации энергии торможения электромобиля. 1 ил.
id-CN109808497B    abstract-提供一种燃料电池车辆系统及其控制方法。该系统包括燃料电池和第一电动机，该第一电动机经由第一总线端子连接到燃料电池，并由从燃料电池供应的电力驱动，并且向车辆的驱动轮提供动力。高压电池通过充电或放电来储存或供应电力。另外，第二电动机经由第二总线端子连接到高压电池，并由从高压电池供应的电力驱动，并且向车辆的驱动轮提供动力。
id-JP7030978B2    abstract-
id-CN107776416B    abstract-本发明公开了一种轨道交通混合动力电路、储能动力包及其供电方法，混合动力电路包括锂电池、电网支路；所述锂电池通过升/降压模块与超级电容连接；所述超级电容输出端与充电支路、第一接触器连接；所述第一接触器、充电支路均与负载连接；所述电网支路通过第二接触器与所述负载连接。本发明将功率型的超级电容和能量型的锂电池进行结合，锂电池通过DC/DC变流器与超级电容组合，DC/DC变流器通过升压与降压实现能量在锂电池与超级电容之间传输，充分利用了锂电池能量密度高以及超级电容功率密度高的特点，使机车在通过无电区时仍能发挥大功率牵引力，同时在机车运行时吸收再利用再生制动能量，实现节能环保的目的。
id-CN108081961B    abstract-本发明提供一种制动能量回收控制方法、装置及电动汽车。该方法包括：基于制动踏板位移，确定驾驶员总的需求制动力；根据电系统、电助力制动系统、电动汽车自身以及车速的能力限制条件，确定电机可提供的最大制动力；根据前轴制动力与后轴制动力之间不同的预设对应关系，确定用于制动力分配的判断阈值；根据驾驶员总的需求制动力、电机可提供的最大制动力和判断阈值，确定电机需求制动力；当电机需求制动力大于零时，控制所述电机进行至制动能量回收。本发明在不改变驾驶员总的需求制动力的前提下尽最大程度的电制动回收，达到能量回收效率高，电动汽车整体制动舒适性好的目的，提升用户的驾驶体验。
id-US10513251B2    abstract-Presented are engine-disconnect clutches with attendant control logic, methods for making/operating such disconnect clutches, and hybrid electric vehicles (HEV) equipped with an engine that is coupled to/decoupled from a transmission and electric motor via a disconnect clutch. A representative method for controlling an HEV powertrain includes receiving an HEV powertrain operation command, then determining a clutch mode of a multi-mode clutch device to execute the HEV powertrain operation. This multi-mode clutch device is operable in: a lock-lock mode, in which the clutch device transmits torque to and from the engine; a free-free mode, in which the clutch device disconnects the engine's output member from the transmission's input member, preventing torque transmission to and from the engine; a lock-free mode, in which the clutch device transmits torque from but not to the engine; and, a free-lock mode, in which the clutch device transmits torque to but not from the engine.
id-CN108001238B    abstract-本发明实施例提供了一种汽车的能量回收模式的控制方法、装置及汽车，该汽车的能量回收模式的控制方法包括：检测汽车当前的行驶状态是否满足带挡滑行行驶状态；若满足，则获取位于所述汽车的行驶方向前方的障碍物与所述汽车之间的间隔距离与相对行驶速度；根据所述间隔距离和所述相对行驶速度，对汽车的能量回收模式进行控制。本发明上述实施例，能够在汽车处于带挡滑行行驶状态时，通过控制能量回收模式开启，实现能量回收，提高车辆的能量回收效果。
id-US10821948B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a user-actuatable switch and a controller. When the switch is actuated, the controller is adapted to effect a regenerative braking command to actuate a regenerative brake system when a vehicle speed is above a threshold speed, and to effect a parking brake command to actuate an electric park brake when the vehicle speed is less than or equal to the threshold speed.
id-US10744892B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for expediting charging of a battery before entry into a zero emissions zone. In one example, the battery is charged with a ratio of motor torque drawn from a first electric motor of an electric turbocharger and a second electric motor of an HEV driveline. The ratio is coordinated with adjustments to an exhaust waste-gate and an intake throttle so as to maintain operator torque demand and propel the vehicle while charging the battery.
id-JP2019098833A    abstract-【課題】減速時の回生電力の廃棄を行う制御の実施タイミングを最適化して、減速時におけるバッテリの過充電防止及び減速度の確保と燃費向上とを両立させることのできるハイブリッド車両の制御装置を提供する。【解決手段】車両は、エンジンＥＮＧの動力によって発電する第１モータジェネレータＭＧ１と、バッテリＢＡＴと、駆動輪ＤＷに接続され、バッテリＢＡＴ及び第１モータジェネレータＭＧ１からの電力供給によって駆動される第２モータジェネレータＭＧ２と、を備える。車両のＥＣＵ１は、回生電力によって第１モータジェネレータＭＧ１を電動機として駆動し、第１モータジェネレータＭＧ１の負荷をエンジンＥＮＧとする制動制御を、ＳＯＣが廃電開始閾値以上である場合に実行し、ハイブリッド車両の走行状態に基づいて、この廃電開始閾値を変更する。【選択図】図８
id-CN107757379A    abstract-本发明公开了一种解耦式制动能量回收系统及其控制方法,为了克服制动压力不通过ABS系统进行控制的车辆无法实现主动制动的问题，系统包括气压储存装置、气压调节装置、执行装置及能量回收装置；气压储存装置通过四回路保护阀一出气端与气压手动阀a端口连接，气压储存装置通过后轴干储气筒与前轴干储气筒和后轴第1三通与前轴第1三通的a端口连接；气压调节装置的前轴第3三通的b端口、c端口和左前轮制动分泵、右前轮制动分泵连接，气压调节装置的后轴第3三通的b端口、c端口和右后轮制动分泵与左后轮制动分泵的后腔连接，快放阀两出气端分别和执行装置的右后轮制动分泵与左后轮制动分泵的前腔连接；能量回收装置分别安装在前轴与后轴上。
id-US11325477B2    abstract-An electrical brake energy feedback system, including a rectifier and inverter circuit, an intermediate DC circuit, a first voltage detection circuit configured to detect voltages of positive and negative terminals of the intermediate DC circuit to obtain a first voltage signal, a bidirectional DC/DC conversion circuit and/or a regeneration control circuit, and an electrical energy flow control circuit for controlling operating states of the bidirectional DC/DC conversion circuit and/or the regeneration control circuit according to the first voltage signal. With this system, the electrical brake energy can be recovered to the greatest extent when the vehicle is running in different zones, and the electrical brake energy consumed by the brake resistor is as little as possible. Accordingly, the vehicle and the entire transportation system can be more energy-saving and environmentally friendly.
id-CN108068630A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车制动能量回收控制系统，包括传感器、整车控制器、制动控制ECU、液压控制单元、电动机控制器、电动机装置、各轮轮缸，所述传感器连接制动控制ECU，所述整车控制器连接制动控制ECU，所述制动控制ECU连接液压控制单元与电动机控制器，所述液压控制单元连接各轮轮缸，所述电动机控制器连接电动机装置，该系统结构简单，对原制动系统改动小，可靠性高，成本低，并具有机械制动备份功能；依据制动力分配，再生制动力和摩擦制动力可以很好地协调运作，同时有效地回收制动能量，提高能量回收效率，同时还以ECE法规的约束保证汽车的制动效能。
id-WO2019102998A1    abstract-減速時等の走行状態に応じた姿勢制御を行う車両を提供する。本発明の運転者の作動力によって推進することができるようになっている車両１００は、前輪部と後輪部のうちの少なくとも一方が左右一対の車輪１０１、１０２から構成され、車両１００の状態の検知を行い、その検知に応答して一対の車輪１０１、１０２の各々の回転力を互い独立に制御できるようになっており、一対の車輪１０１、１０２の各々に対して、同期且つ均等である制動力を発生できるようになっている。
id-CN107933319A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车及其能量回馈控制方法、可读存储介质。该控制方法包括：根据电池包最大允许充电功率以及高压零件当前消耗功率，得出当前允许最大回馈功率；根据所述当前允许最大回馈功率，得出当前允许最大回馈负扭矩；在开启能量回馈模式时，得出回馈负扭矩；比较所述回馈负扭矩与所述当前允许最大回馈负扭矩的大小；在所述回馈负扭矩小于所述当前允许最大回馈负扭矩时，输出所述回馈负扭矩进行能量回馈；在所述回馈负扭矩大于所述当前允许最大回馈负扭矩时，输出所述当前允许最大回馈负扭矩进行能量回馈。本发明的方法可保证能量回馈在不引起过压和过流等故障的前提下，最大程度的进行能量回馈。
id-CN107745717B    abstract-本发明公开了一种轨道交通混合动力系统控制电路、轨道交通车辆及其供电方法，混合动力系统控制电路，包括锂电池；所述锂电池通过DC/DC变流器接超级电容；所述超级电容接牵引变流器、充电机；所述牵引变流器接牵引电机、电网；所述电网与充电机连接；所述DC/DC变流器接控制单元；所述控制单元与超级电容容量管理单元、锂电池容量管理、机车中央控制单元连接；所述超级电容容量管理单元、锂电池容量管理单元分别与所述超级电容、锂电池连接。本发明匹配了不同特性的两种储能元件，使其发挥各自的性能优势，满足机车在电网供电模式以及储能动力包供电模式下的储能动力包充放电需求。
id-US10604144B2    abstract-A method and an apparatus for controlling a hybrid electric vehicle are disclosed. The method includes: determining whether an uphill section is present on a driving route; calculating a regenerative braking amount at a downhill section following the uphill section; determining whether a state of charge (SOC) of a low voltage battery is equal to or greater than a first predetermined value at the time of entering the uphill section; determining whether an SOC of a high voltage battery is equal to or greater than a second predetermined value when the SOC of the low voltage battery is equal to or greater than the first predetermined value; and controlling the MHSG to generate auxiliary torque corresponding to the regenerative braking amount at the downhill section when the SOC of the high voltage battery is equal to or greater than the second predetermined value.
id-CN107985081A    abstract-本发明公开了一种车辆能量回收系统，包括：制动器总成壳体、蓄能器压盘总成、蓄能器、发电机和油压壳体；蓄能器压盘总成的本体套设在蓄能器内，本体一端具有压盘盘面，另一端具有环形滑盘，压盘盘面朝向制动盘；蓄能器压盘总成还具有环形活塞，环形活塞的内壁面上形成一圈环形滑槽，环形滑盘转动地套设在环形滑槽内；油阀控制总成连通油压壳体，控制环形活塞的滑动；蓄能器具有内环、外环和钢带，内环与本体连接。通过油阀控制总成控制蓄能器压盘总成的压盘盘面向制动盘靠近，至抵触在制动器上，通过制动器的带动而转动，使钢带形变，并在钢带弹性回复时带动外环转动，外环通过蓄能器外齿驱动发电机工作。
id-CN107697053B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车制动能量回收及再利用系统，属于电动汽车底盘技术领域，本发明的目的是解决现有制动系统助力形式多依赖发动机真空度作为能量源造成制动系统无法应用于电动汽车，或依赖电机作为能量源造成结构复杂、振动噪声大、主动建压不够快速、压力调节不够精确、驾驶员踏板力得不到很好的利用的问题；以及现有制动系统制动能量回收与利用的局限性，本发明通过将制动能量的回收与制动系统相结合，取消原有制动系统的助力机构，使底盘集成度更高。制动能量可通过电机和飞轮两条途径进行回收及利用，使制动能量的使用更加合理化；另一方面，制动时，电机和飞轮同时对驱动轮产生反拖，提升制动效果，减少制动距离。
id-CN109841878A    abstract-本申请提供了一种阴极氧消耗(COD)控制方法。该方法包括确定COD加热器是否运作并且当COD加热器运作时计算发电量和电力消耗。另外，通过比较所计算的发电量和电力消耗调整电力消耗。
id-CN108001239A    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车过分相时机车向车辆不间断供电网压模式控制策略，在列车接近分相区时，机车开始采用再生制动，同时机车逐步实现能量由接触网提供到由机车牵引电机再生制动提供的转换，然后分断主断路器，列车车辆供电的能量全部由再生制动提供，机车通过无电区时，机车也可不间断向列车车辆提供DC600V电源；减少了机车及车辆供电系统接触器等动作器件的动作次数，提高了供电系统的利用率，提高了车辆供电系统的寿命，减少了故障率。提高了旅客的舒适性。
id-KR20190063844A    abstract-본 발명은 전기상용차의 회생제동 제어시스템에 관한 것으로, 보다 상세하게는 전기상용차 브레이크 페달에 각도센서를 통해 각도값을 차량제어기(VCU)가 받아 Air Tank와 Dual Relay Valve 사이에 있는 회생제동용 PCV를 PCV와 Dual Relay Valve 사이에 존재하는 압력센서의 압력값에 따라 제어하여 감압한 후 모터에 (-)토크를 인가하여 회생제동을 실시하여 ABS의 오작동이 발생하지 않는 것을 특징으로 한다. 이에 따라, 전기상용 차량의 효율적인 에너지관리를 위하여 페달센서를 구비하여 0.4 ~ 4V의 아날로그 전압을 생성하여 브레이크를 통해 낭비될 수 있는 에너지를 모터에 (-)토크를 인가하여 회생제동을 할 수 있는 상황을 만들기 위해 회생제동용 PCV로 감압하여 낭비되는 에너지를 배터리 재충전에 사용함으로써 친환경적이고 효율적인 전기상용차 회생제동을 보장할 수 있다.
id-CN107696871A    abstract-本发明涉及一种具有制动能量回收和电池损坏检测功能的新能源汽车，包括车身和四个车轮，车身内设有蓄电池、存放箱和能量回收机构，存放箱内设有电池组和检测机构，能量回收机构包括移动单元、发电单元和限位单元，检测机构包括驱动单元、滑动单元、导轨、检流计和导向单元，该具有制动能量回收和电池损坏检测功能的新能源汽车，通过能量回收机构，能够将车辆在制动或惯性滑行中释放出的多余能量回收并通过发电机将其转化为电能存储在蓄电池中，降低该新能源汽车的能耗，不仅如此，通过检测机构，该新能源汽车能够对电池进行有效地检测，使得该新能源汽车能在电池组发生故障时快速检测出损坏的电池，方便后续的电池更换。
id-US20200283091A1    abstract-Provided is a vehicle that performs position control in accordance with a travel condition such as turning or a change in a road surface. In a vehicle according to the present invention that can be propelled by an activating force of a driver, at least one of a front wheel section and a rear wheel section is structured from a left/right pair of wheels, a condition of the vehicle is detected, the rotational force of each of the pair of wheels can be controlled independently of one another in response to the detection, and the pair of wheels are attached to the vehicle via a suspension mechanism.
id-US11130409B1    abstract-A performance learning system and method is provided for a utility vehicle. The performance learning system includes a propulsion system, a plurality of sensors disposed on the vehicle and capable of acquiring operational data associated with the vehicle, a processor, and a memory configured to store historical operational data. The processor can be configured to receive the operational data from the sensors, generate and transmit a command to control the propulsion system based on the operational data and the historical operational data, and update the historical operational data based on the operational data. The operational data may include characteristics associated with one or more of an operator of the vehicle or an operating environment of the vehicle. The systems and methods may optimize the performance of the utility vehicle for particular environments and conditions in which the utility vehicle is being operated and increase operator satisfaction.
id-CN107985047A    abstract-一种分布式双轴双电机驱动纯电动动力系统，至少包括第一电机、第二电机、前差速器、前主减速器、后差速器、后主减速器、逆变器、高压柜、充电机、外接充电插头、电池和整车控制器；第一电机经前主减速器连接前差速器，第二电机经后主减速器连接后差速器；电池经高压柜、逆变器分别与第一电机、第二电机连接，充电机与高压柜相连，充电机上配置有外接充电接头，外接充电接头在停车充电时与外接电源插座相连；整车控制器与电池、逆变器相连。本发明由两个相对小功率的电机分别驱动车辆前后轴，在保证整车动力性不变的前提下，车辆负荷条件相同时，电机的负荷率大大提高，减少电耗；双轴双电机在制动能量回收时可以回收更多能量，利于缩短刹车距离。
id-CN107914560A    abstract-一种单轴双电机驱动系统，至少包括第一电机、第二电机、主减速器、差速器、第一电机控制器、第二电机控制器、高压配电箱、第一电池、第二电池和充电机；所述第一电机和第二电机的输出轴同轴且连接主减速器和差速器，第一电机控制器、第二电机控制器一端与高压配电箱相连，另一端分别与第一电机、第二电机相连；第一电池、第二电池分别通过各自的正极母线、负极母线与高压配电箱相连，充电机与高压配电箱相连，且充电机上配置有充电插头，充电插头在停车充电时与外接电源相连，经由充电机、高压配电箱分别为第一电池、第二电池充电。本发明有效提高驱动系统效率和经济性；双电机共用一套传动系统，最大程度保留传统结构布置，减少开发成本。
id-WO2019098067A1    abstract-水素タンクを大きくすることなく、水素に基づいて電力を発生させる電力発生装置を用いて、走行可能な電動車両を提供する。電動車両(1)は、有機ハイドライドを貯蔵する第１タンク(11a)と、第１タンク(11a)から供給された有機ハイドライドの脱水素反応を促進させる第１触媒を設けた第１通路を有し、第１通路に供給された有機ハイドライドを水素と芳香族化合物に分離させる脱水素反応器(30)と、脱水素反応器(30)から供給された水素に基づいて電力を発生させる電力発生装置(51)と、電力発生装置(51)で発生した電力を蓄える蓄電装置(52)と、電力発生装置(51)からの電力と、蓄電装置(52)からの電力の少なくとも一方に基づいて駆動し、車輪(55)を回転させるモーター(53)とを備える。
id-CN107985091A    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于BMS的轮毂电机再生制动的变压充电装置及控制方法，所述变压充电结构包括若干并联的动力电池模组、BMS中心控制器和动力电池包外壳，所述动力电池模组中单体动力电池串联连接，且都并联一个控制开关，相邻控制开关相互串联连接；单体动力电池还并联电池检测模块，BMS中心控制器可以实时控制动力电池包中全部开关的通断；控制方法如下：(1)确定动力电池包的理想端电压值；(2)选择参与制动能量回收的动力电池模组；(3)选择参与制动能量回收的单体动力电池；(4)逐渐减小动力电池包的端电压值。本发明通过变压充电控制实现了动力电池包端电压值的可变可调功能，且削弱单体电池电量不平衡对使用性能带来的影响。
id-CN108081960A    abstract-本发明提供一种电动汽车制动能量回收方法及系统。所述电动汽车制动能量回收方法包括：电机控制器在刹车时优先接收电子制动器的扭矩指令，并控制电机对车辆制动的同时将机械能转化为电能回收到动力电池。本发明提供的电动汽车制动能量回收方法及系统，在刹车时电子制动器直接输出扭矩信号给电机控制器，不需要整车控制器的参与，从而缩短了逻辑判断的链条，电机控制器的直接响应能够提高能量的回收率，并且优先考虑电机制动，在电机制动不足的情况下才通过机械制动予以补充，保证汽车安全的前提下可以回收更多的能量。
id-US11142078B2    abstract-Electric drive system of a hybrid or electric vehicle comprising at least a first and a second battery pack, said first battery pack being formed by a first plurality of equal cells, wherein a cell of said first plurality of cells identifies a first predetermined C-rate coefficient (power/capacity) and said second battery pack being formed by a second plurality of equal cells, wherein a cell of said first plurality of cells identifies a second predetermined C-rate coefficient (power/capacity) higher than said first predetermined coefficient, and wherein the drive system comprises at least a first and a second set of electromagnetic induction windings, respectively independently powered by said first and second battery pack by means of relative first and second inverter.
id-CN107914585A    abstract-本发明提供一种基于超级电容的电动汽车动力系统及控制方法、系统、控制器，所述电动汽车包括超级电容和电机；所述电动汽车动力系统控制方法包括以下步骤：在所述电动汽车启动或动力低于第一预设阈值时控制所述超级电容向所述电机放电；在所述电动汽车制动时控制所述超级电容存储所述电机生成的电能。本发明的基于超级电容的电动汽车动力系统及控制方法、系统、控制器通过超级电容为电动汽车提供瞬时峰值充放电服务，提高了能量利用率，延长了电动汽车动力系统及电动汽车的使用寿命。
id-KR102463198B1    abstract-일 실시예에 따른 벨트 제어 장치는 엔진 및 엔진에 벨트를 통해 연결되어 엔진의 출력을 보조하는, 배터리에 전기적으로 연결되는 마일드 하이브리드 시동 발전기(MHSG: Mild Hybrid Starter and Generator)를 포함하는 마일드 하이브리드 차량의 벨트의 장력을 제어하기 위한 벨트 제어 장치로서, 벨트의 장력을 증가시키거나 또는 감소시키도록 구동하는 텐셔너, 그리고 엔진이 스톨(stall) 상태에 있는 시간이 임계 시간보다 더 크면, 벨트의 장력이 증가하도록 텐셔너를 제어하는 제어부를 포함한다.
id-US10780784B2    abstract-A method for executing regenerative braking of a mild hybrid system may include performing, when a brake is operated while a vehicle having the mild hybrid system is traveling, regenerative braking only in a state in which a wheel torque is greater than a clutch load torque by a threshold, thereby preventing occurrence of an abnormal engine-off state during regenerative braking.
id-CN107719130A    abstract-本发明涉及一种基于物联网的具有能量回收功能的新能源汽车，包括车体、电池组和至少两个车轮，还包括防盗机构和至少两个储能机构，所述储能机构包括飞轮、转盘、发电组件、第二齿轮、两个卡位组件和至少两个限位齿，所述防盗组件包括移动块、支撑杆、第一齿条、第三齿轮、第四齿轮、第二齿条、升降板、连接杆、两个第二弹簧和两个触点，该基于物联网的具有能量回收功能的新能源汽车中，通过储能机构可以将汽车制动过程中产生的能量进行存储，从而降低了汽车能量的损耗，提高了汽车的实用性，通过防盗机构，可以检测汽车电池组的状态，当汽车电池组被盗的时候可以及时发出报警，降低了电池组被盗的几率，提高了电池组的安全性。
id-WO2019092661A1    abstract-An electric propulsion motor (52) power-assisted bicycle is described. To improve the performance, the bicycle comprises a manually operable brake (20) to brake the bicycle, a position sensor (32) for detecting the, e.g. angular, position of the brake, and an electronic board (50) programmed to detect said position by the sensor and to control the power delivered by the electric motor as a function of said position.
id-CN107953800A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动车下坡滑行馈电系统，包括电机、继电器、信号分离模块、控制器、整流电路、升压电路和电池组。所述电机、信号分离模块和整流电路分别电性连接于所述继电器，所述升压电路和电池组依次与所述整流电路电性连接。其中，所述信号分离模块可控制继电器连接电机和控制器并断开整流电路进而形成对电动车的供电线路，所述信号分离模块可控制继电器断开电机和控制器的连接，使电机和整流电路、升压电路和电池组连接形成对电动车的充电线路，通过电机的转动将动能转换为电能对电池组进行充电，提高了汽车的续航里程30％～40％。
id-US20190160946A1    abstract-An electrically driven vehicle comprises a battery configured by connecting a plurality of cells in series; and a motor configured to transmit electric power to and from the battery. When an abnormality occurs in a cell voltage detection system configured to detect cell voltages of the respective cells of the battery, the electrically driven vehicle prohibits regenerative control of the motor. The electrically driven vehicle determines whether the battery is being charged, based on an open circuit voltage of a block that is comprised of at least two or more cells among all the cells constituting the battery. The open circuit voltage of the block is calculated from a voltage of the block and a battery current flowing in the battery.
id-CN107972655A    abstract-本发明属于电动汽车控制技术领域，具体涉及一种用于电动汽车的继动阀、制动系统及制动方法。本发明所述的用于电动汽车的继动阀，其中包括进气阀门和设于所述进气阀门下方的导杆，所述导杆上套设有弹簧，所述导杆的下端连接有弹簧预紧装置，当所述电动汽车的电机系统的制动扭矩能够满足所述电动汽车的制动需求扭矩时，所述弹簧预紧装置能够对所述弹簧进行预紧，将所述进气阀门的开口进行减小并直至关闭，从而关闭所述电动汽车的气动制动系统。通过使用本发明所述的用于电动汽车的继动阀、制动系统及制动方法，能够快速的完成车辆气动制动系统与电机制动系统之间的切换，制动响应更加迅速，控制更加精确。
id-WO2019084680A1    abstract-A fuel cell power module powers an autonomous electric train. The fuel cell power module is located in one or more locomotives of the train. A locomotive may also have one or more of hydrogen storage, a traction motor, and a battery. The train also has a plurality of coaches each containing a traction motor, and optionally also a battery. The coaches do not have fuel cell power modules or other fuel based sources of energy. The traction motors in the coaches receive electrical power from the fuel cell power module in the locomotive. Energy is recovered by regenerative breaking in the coaches and stored in batteries in the coaches or the locomotive or both. The train can be operated independent of a catenary system.
id-CN107933320A    abstract-本发明公开了一种刹车发电装置，包括刹车制动器及发电机，所述刹车制动器通过软轴与驱动组件一端连接，驱动组件另一端与发电机驱动轴一端连接。本发明在车辆行进时，车辆需要刹车，驱动组件带动发电机来产生刹车时车辆所需阻力，同时利用阻力进行发电。本发明利用车辆刹车至未刹车之间所需阻力来进行发电，一方面利用了车辆高速旋转通过刹车片产生阻力来降速过程中的能量来进行发电，提高了能量转化，节约了能源；另一方面因减少刹车片的摩擦，延长了刹车片的使用寿命。本发明解决了现有刹车需要通过刹车片产生阻力减速浪费能量及损坏刹车片的问题。
