id-TWI726984B    abstract-一種踏板驅動系統，特別是用於電動車輛或訓練裝置，且用於以至少一踏板及與所述至少一踏板機械地連接之電力發電機而從使用者之肌肉力產生電力。為了改善在踏板處之觸覺感覺及回饋，控制單元被提供用於控制施加於所述踏板之回饋力矩，其中控制單元包括觸覺呈現器，配置用於基於至少一預定之踏板參考軌跡而控制所述回饋力矩。
id-CN105480098B    abstract-本发明涉及一种电动汽车制动能量回收系统，包括依次连接的三相交错式双向半桥电路、档位选择电路、采样保持电路、数字芯片、电压采样电路、电流采样电路以及驱动电路。通过将双向半桥型DC/DC变换器进行并联，三相交错式双向半桥电路作为本系统的主电路拓扑，通过I/O口输出高低电平控制继电器的通断来选择不同的功率需求档位，最终实现对不同输出功率电机进行制动能量回收的目的。本发明提高了装置的可靠性，减小了电流纹波，同时减小了电感的体积和电容的容量，使得装置更易于实现；对于不同输出功率要求的直流电机能够达到一机多用的目的；该系统能有效防止故障情况下电流失控，迅速完成过电流保护；另外，三相交错式DC/DC变流系统与有源逆变系统结构一致，有利于实现电动车系统模块化结构。
id-US11173775B2    abstract-A vehicle having a traction battery with at least one cell includes a controller coupled to the traction battery and programmed to modify traction battery current in response to a difference between a lithium plating parameter target value and a lithium plating parameter actual value to reduce the difference. The lithium plating parameter or indicator may be based on a differential open circuit voltage of a battery cell, or a ratio of differential voltage of the at least one cell as a function of time to cell charging rate of the at least one cell.
id-CN105599616B    abstract-本发明公开了一种制动能量回收控制方法、装置和电动车，其中，该方法包括：判断电动车的所处模式；如果电动车处于制动模式，则获取电动车的速度，并根据电动车的速度判断电动车所处速度段；如果电动车的速度处在第一预设速度段，则采用第一预设扭矩对电动车进行制动控制；如果电动车的速度处在第二预设速度段，则采用第一预设功率对电动车进行制动控制。本发明实施例的制动能量回收控制方法不仅能够回收更多的能量，还能够保证电动车制动时的稳定性。
id-CN105584374B    abstract-一种基于ABS的电动汽车能量回馈系统和能量回馈方法，属于车辆供电装置和供电方法技术领域，包括加速踏板、制动踏板、VCU、动力CAN、电机、电机控制器、动力电池包、底盘CAN、ABS和液压制动系统；所述加速踏板、制动踏板均与VCU连接；所述VCU信号连接有动力CAN、底盘CAN和车身CAN；所述动力CAN信号连接有电机控制器和动力电池包；所述电机控制器连接电机；所述动力电池包内设BMS；所述底盘CAN连接有ABS；所述ABS连接液压制动系统；所述液压制动系统内设电磁阀。本发明协同整车控制器对踏板及动力系统的控制策略，实现对电动汽车在滑行及强制制动时进行协调能量回馈，以提高车辆的续驶里程。
id-US10183587B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a first energy storage, a second energy storage, a power transmission circuit, and circuitry. The circuitry is configured to acquire a remaining capacity and a temperature of the second energy storage. The circuitry is configured to determine a target remaining capacity range of the second energy storage in accordance with the temperature. The circuitry is configured to control the power transmission circuit to control power transmission among the electric load, the first energy storage, and the second energy storage such that the remaining capacity of the second energy storage is within the target remaining capacity range.
id-US10272787B2    abstract-The invention provides a powertrain for an electric vehicle, and an electric vehicle as such. The powertrain has an electric motor and a drivetrain for transmitting rotary power from the electric motor to at least one of the vehicle wheels. A mechanical rotary transmission is provided in association with a flywheel. The mechanical rotary transmission is controllable to transmit power in a direction from the vehicle wheels to the flywheel and further transmit power in the reverse direction. Power from both the electric motor and the flywheel is concurrently used to accelerate the vehicle. The vehicle kinetic energy is recovered and stored at the flywheel during vehicle deceleration. The motor vehicle has at least one battery unit to supply the electric motor. The battery unit is removable from the vehicle, without tools, and is portable so that it is carried away from the vehicle for charging.
id-US10903699B2    abstract-Provided is a motor system adapted for modern society, which does not use a rare-earth magnet, improves a torque weight ratio by approximately one digit in comparison with the conventional motor, and has transfer efficiency of 90% between electric energy and rotational energy. A stator ( 1 ) has a dual-ring tooth-groove iron core, which has magnetic pole surface on both side surfaces and receives coils of basically two-phase structure divided to be multiplexed, with divided coils being interconnected. A rotor ( 2 ) is formed to be capable of rotating while holding eight sets of attraction poles having magnetic pole surfaces on both ends, with each set of attraction poles forming four air-gap-facing surfaces by positioning the dual-ring tooth-groove iron core between the attraction poles so that both side surfaces of the dual-ring tooth-groove iron core face the attraction poles via an air gap ( 6 ). Magnetic energy accompanying coil switching can be reduced to one part per dozens through the dual effect of reduction owing to coil division and dispersion owing to interconnection. The torque weight ratio can be improved approximately by one digit through synergistic effect of torque increase owing to integration of magnetomotive forces by interconnection, torque increase owing to composite structure of the attraction poles, and weight reduction of the iron core.
id-US20210211083A1    abstract-In one embodiment, systems and methods of controlling switch modules for dynamically deriving selective circuitries within a plurality of similar voltage energy storage devices of an energy storage system, and/or, within a plurality of stators of a motor/generator, or a plurality of stators of system of motors/generators, thereby optimizing the utilization of energy stored, consumed, and regenerated in the operation of a vehicle.
id-JP2017127161A    abstract-【課題】効率的に回生エネルギーを回収できるエネルギー回生システムを提供することを目的とする。【解決手段】エネルギー回生システムは、電池と、複数のキャパシタと、動力源と、制御部と、を備え、電池とキャパシタは直列接続され、複数のキャパシタは並列に接続され、制御部は、並列に接続されている複数のキャパシタの接続を切り替えて動力源によって発生する回生エネルギーの充放電を交互に繰り返すように制御する。【選択図】図２
id-CN105508526A    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于双行星排两挡变速器的电驱动系统，包括：壳体；驱动机构；输出轴；双行星排齿轮系，包括第一行星排和第二行星排，第一行星排太阳轮连接驱动电机轴，第一行星排行星架固定连接输出轴，第一行星排内齿圈连接第二行星排行星架，第二行星排太阳轮固定连接壳体；离合器，其能够选择性的连接输出轴与第二行星排内齿圈；制动器，其能够使第二排行星架和第一行星排内齿圈同时转动或制动；其中，当选择一挡时，离合器不工作、制动器工作；当选择二挡时，离合器工作、制动器不工作。本发明具有零件数量较少、结构紧凑、提高了电机运行效率和增加了电动车的续驶里程的优点。
id-CN105508525A    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于单行星排的电驱动系统，包括：驱动系统壳体；驱动电机，其设置在驱动系统壳体内，并具有输出动力的输出轴；行星齿轮系，其包括行星排太阳轮、行星排行星轮、行星排行星架及行星排内齿圈；其中，所述行星排太阳轮，其连接所述驱动电机的输出轴；所述行星排行星架，其固定连接输出轴，并且所述输出轴固定连接动力输出装置；离合器，其设置在所述驱动电机的输出轴和所述行星排行星架之间；制动器，其设置在驱动系统壳体和所述行星排内齿圈之间。本发明具有设计结构紧凑、换挡过程中不存在动力中断、控制倒挡实现简单、整车能量利用率高、能源有效利用与节约的特点。
id-WO2017129092A1    abstract-一种电动汽车的辅助制动系统（100）及其控制方法及电动汽车，该系统（100）包括：速度检测装置（110）；制动踏板开度检测装置（120）；整车控制器（140）。整车控制器（140）用于在车速大于预定车速时，根据制动踏板开度的变化和变化时间确定踩下制动踏板的加速度，并在加速度大于预定加速度时，根据车速、车轮转速和预定车胎滑移率确定制动力矩，并根据制动力矩生成回馈制动信号；车轮电机制动装置（130），包括车轮制动电机（131），车轮电机制动装置（130）用于在接收到回馈制动信号时向车轮施加制动力，以对车辆进行回馈制动。该辅助制动系统（100）具有制动响应速度快、制动距离短的优点，从而可以保证车辆安全，另外，该辅助制动系统具有结构简单、成本低的优点。
id-US20170197628A1    abstract-A system and method for controlling a transmission gear shift in a vehicle having a driveline and an electric motor operable to output torque to the driveline includes applying a negative motor torque to the driveline to reduce driveline oscillations resulting from the transmission gear shift. The negative motor torque is based on vehicle conditions occurring after the transmission gear shift has begun and before the transmission gear shift is complete.
id-CN105610190A    abstract-公开了一种轨道交通车辆再生能源回馈综合利用装置，包括动力电网、功率电路、牵引电网；功率电路包括DC/AC变换电路和DC/DC变换电路，动力电网通过降压变压器与DC/AC变换电路的第一端相连接，DC/AC变换电路的第二端与DC/DC变换电路的第一端相连接，DC/DC变换电路的第二端与所述牵引电网相连接；其中，DC/DC变换电路为双向DC/DC变换电路；所述装置还包括用于接收电能的储能模块，所述储能模块与DC/DC变换电路的第一端相连接，用于接收从牵引电网传输过来的再生能源。本发明可以在稳定轨道交通牵引电网电压的同时存储多余的再生电力，并将这些再生电力回馈到牵引电网或动力电网，改善牵引电网的供电质量。
id-CN105584358A    abstract-本发明公布了一种无级变速电动汽车的传动系统，包括：动力电池，其输入端与充电接口连接；所述动力电池的第一输出端与控制单元连接，为控制单元提供工作电源，同时将电量信息反馈给控制单元，所述动力电池的第二输出端依次通过DC/DC转换器、辅助蓄电池以及点火开关与控制单元连接。本发明的电动汽车无单独设置的变速器，通过单排行星齿轮机构能形成无级变速、传动比变化由控制单元自动控制，克服了普通电动汽车道路适应性差的缺点，且具有结构与控制简单、成本低、使用方便、能适应不同行驶道路的特点。
id-US20170210220A1    abstract-A traction system for a vehicle may include a first mount, a second mount, a stator, and a rotor. The first mount defines a hollow core. The second mount is coaxially positioned with the first mount about a center axis. The stator is attached to and arranged along an outer surface of the first mount. The rotor is attached to and arranged along an inner surface of the second mount. The rotor faces the stator and rotates with respect to the stator and about the center axis.
id-FR3046592A1    abstract-La présente invention a pour objet un dispositif d'hybridation intégré dans un ensemble de véhicules comprenant un véhicule tracteur (1) et au moins un véhicule remorque (2), caractérisé en ce que le dispositif d'hybridation comprend : - une motorisation électrique (3) montée ou couplée avec au moins un essieu du véhicule remorque (2), la motorisation électrique (3) étant apte à fonctionner en freinage génératif, - une unité de stockage électrique (4) connectée à la motorisation électrique (3), - un dispositif de gestion (5) connectée, d'une part, à la motorisation électrique (3) et, d'autre part, à un mécanisme de commande (6) de la motorisation (7) du véhicule tracteur (1).
id-US10589634B2    abstract-A battery electric vehicle provided in the present invention comprises a vehicle body having wheels, an electric motor, an electric generator, and an electricity management device. The electric motor and the electric generator are connected to different wheels of the vehicle body respectively. The electric generator generates electricity by converting the rotational kinetic energy of the wheel into electrical energy. The electricity management device includes a management and controlling member, a detecting member, and a plurality of battery packs. The management and controlling member controls at least one of the battery packs to provide electricity to the electric motor by electrically connecting the electric motor, while the management and controlling member controls at least one battery pack of other battery packs to be charged by receiving the electricity generated by means of electrically connecting to the electric generator.
id-CN105711413A    abstract-一种电动车能量回收装置，包括车架，车架连接定子一侧，定子另一侧连接轮轴，轮轴连接转子轮，转子轮连接制动盘，转子轮上设有转子，转子通过控制线连接励磁控制器。本发明的有益效果是：结构简单，安装方便，成本较低，在车辆行驶过程中滑行或是制动时能回收一部分能量，能源回收率高。
id-WO2017125207A1    abstract-Die Erfindung hat ein Verfahren zum Regeln der Zwischenkreisspannung (U ZK ) am Zwischenkreiskondensator (C ZK ) eines Hybrid- oder Elektro-Fahrzeugs nach dem Abtrennen der Hochvoltbatterie (1) vom Stromkreis zum Gegenstand. Dabei wird die Regelung des Drehmoments des Antriebsmotors (5) abgeschaltet, und die im Antriebsmotor (5) gespeicherte Energie derart mit einem Regler geregelt an den Zwischenkreiskondensator (C ZK ) zurück übertragen, dass die Zwischenkreisspannung (U ZK ) in ihrem zeitlichen Verlauf einem Sollwert zu einem Wertebereich folgt und in diesem Wertebereich verbleibt.
id-WO2017119805A3    abstract-Cette invention concerne un véhicule de locomotion et de transport automobile à propulsion électrique, hybride sous certaines conditions, qui se distingue par un habitacle 1 de forme cylindrique, logé dans deux roues motrices et posé sur celles-ci (Fig. A). Lesquelles roues 1 et 2 ont un diamètre intérieur assez supérieur à celui de l'habitacle 1 de telle manière qu'on puisse insérer une série d'amortisseurs 7 entre l'habitacle et les roues. Des anneaux de soutien principal 5 et 6 représentent l'interface entre l'habitacle fixe et les roues tournantes. Un mécanisme qui consiste en une roue auxiliaire 34 montée sous un châssis solidaire à l'habitacle 1 l'empêche de se renverser en cas de freinage brusque. Chaque roue 1 et 2 étant actionnée par son propre moteur électrique 16 ou 17, cette technique apporte à ce véhicule une extrême maniabilité à tel point qu'il est capable de stationner ou faire demi-tour en moins de cinq secondes sur une chaussée qui ne dépasse pas une fois et demi sa largeur. Ce nouveau concept-car lui permet également de charger partiellement ses batteries par le seul fait de changer de direction, désormais sans volant, juste en appuyant sur des boutons, grâce à la récupération d'une partie de son énergie cinétique. Véhicule caractérisée par une consommation électrique faible par rapport à l'état de l'art actuel, dûe principalement à la légèreté du véhicule, mais aussi à la simplicité de la transmission de la puissance mécanique aux roues. Véhicule caractérisé par son architecture cylindrique qui lui permet d'être dispensé de nombreux composants. Toutes ces notions réunies avantagent ce véhicule en le dotant d'une autonomie qui dépasse largement celles des voitures actuelles. Véhicule caractérisé par son design, notamment sa forme extérieure régulière et plane, éventuellement ondulée, qui permet de le couvrir uniformément d'une surface importante de cellules photo voltaïques. A partir de l'idée maîtresse de l'habitacle-cylindre, de nombreuses variantes sont possibles, correspondant à de nombreuses fonctionnalités selon l'usage que l'on veut faire de ce véhicule (Fig. C et D). Véhicule modulable pouvant être vendu en semi-kit, selon le mode d'usage. Le second volet de cette invention (Fig. E) concerne un nouveau type de stations services destinées exclusivement à la production et vente d'électricité d'origine renouvelable pour alimenter les voitures électriques avec une énergie totalement propre, pour que l'Homme puisse vivre dans des conditions de développement durable et aussi lutter contre le réchauffement climatique mondial. Des stations construites selon un nouveau modèle architectural qui permet de produire de la richesse avec d'importantes économies de finances et de matériaux tout en créant de nombreuses opportunités d'emplois permanents.
id-CN105620295A    abstract-本发明公开了一种地铁列车车载储能装置及其控制方法，储能装置包括一端与接触网、负载连接的换流模块；所述换流模块另一端通过LC滤波电路与蓄电池组连接；所述换流模块与第二控制单元连接；所述第二控制单元与第一控制单元连接；所述第一控制单元与接触网、蓄电池连接。本发明的储能装置结构简单，通过调节开关管的占空比使电路工作在升压状态或降压状态，无能量损耗，从而解决了现有技术中吸收电阻造成能源浪费的问题，可以降低地铁建设费用和运行费用。
id-KR101823076B1    abstract-본 발명의 ISG 시스템은, 고정자 권선이 오픈형 권선(Open-winding) 형태로 구성된 모터; 상기 고정자 권선의 일단에 연결되는 제1 인버터; 상기 고정자 권선의 타단에 연결된 제2 인버터; 상기 제1 인버터를 개재하여 상기 모터와 연결되는 고전압 전원부; 및 상기 제2 인버터를 개재하여 상기 모터와 연결되는 저전압 전원부를 포함한다.
id-RU166916U1    abstract-Устройство для рекуперативного торможения электровоза постоянного тока, содержащее тяговые электродвигатели постоянного тока, якорные обмотки и обмотки возбуждения, при этом эти обмотки соединены последовательно и подключены к токоприемнику и к заземляющему устройству, кроме того статический преобразователь с системой автоматического регулирования, входы которого также подключены к токоприемнику и заземляющему устройству, и быстродействующий контактор, у которого выходы статического преобразователя и силовые контакты быстродействующего контактора соединены последовательно, причем эта цепочка подключена параллельно обмоткам возбуждения, отличающееся тем, что в устройство дополнительно введены: ключ, статический преобразователь и накопитель энергии, которые параллельно подключены через ключ к цепи резистора и диода, а выход накопителя энергии соединен с входом статического преобразователя.
id-WO2017124210A1    abstract-一种车轮盘式发电机（101）的自动控制方法，该方法包括在车子（137）处于下坡或者零负载时让车子（137）上每个车轮中的盘式发电机（101）给电池组（115）充电，即当车子(137)行驶在平行路段(139)时，其水平倾角开关(117)自动断开每个车轮轮毂中的盘式发电机(101)与电池组(115)之间链接，当车子(137)行驶在下坡路段(136)时，其水平倾角开关(117)会自动导通每个车轮轮毂中的发电机（101）向电池组（115）充电；还包括踩下刹车动作同步踩下复位开关（112）以控制车轮中的盘式发电机（101）给电池组（115）充电；还包括由驾驶者强制导通车轮中的盘式发电机（101）发电给电池组（115）充电。该发电机的自动控制方法可以回收车辆的下坡或制动过程中回收能量。
id-US10205334B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a first energy storage, a second energy storage, a power transmission circuit, and circuitry. The circuitry acquires a request supply amount, a request output amount, and failure detection information. The circuitry controls the power transmission circuit in accordance with the at least one of the request supply amount and the request output amount such that a ratio of an amount of electric power supplied from or to the first energy storage and an amount of electric power supplied from or to the second energy storage is to be a first ratio in a normal operating. The circuitry controls the power transmission circuit in accordance with the at least one of the request supply amount and the request output amount such that the ratio is to be a second ratio which is different from the first ration in a partial failure state.
id-US10227106B2    abstract-A bicycle controller and bicycle drive device that improves the stability of the behavior of a bicycle. The bicycle controller includes an electronic control unit that reduces the output of a motor, which is configured to assist in propulsion of the bicycle, in accordance with an angular acceleration of a rotary body. The rotary body is included in a human power transmission path extending from an input for human power to a coupling portion coupled to a drive wheel.
id-US11136031B2    abstract-A method for controlling a trailer driven by an electric motor comprises defining a distance between the trailer and a towing vehicle as a neutral position and determining an actual distance between the trailer and the towing vehicle. A deviation between the actual distance and the neutral position is determined and output as a distance value. The braking of the trailer is electrically-actuated when the actual distance is decreased relative to the neutral position by at least a first distance value. The braking of the trailer is mechanically-actuated when the actual distance is decreased relative to the neutral position by at least a second distance value, wherein the second distance value is greater than the first distance value. The trailer is accelerated by the electric motor when the actual distance is increased relative to the neutral position by a third distance value.
id-CN107128300B    abstract-本公开涉及混合动力传动系统的换挡拨片控制。一种车辆包括混合动力传动系统，混合动力传动系统包括连接在自动变速箱和发动机之间的电机。车辆包括被配置为输出驾驶员请求的挡位变化的换挡拨片。混合动力传动系统被配置为选择性地在优化燃料经济性的经济模式下操作。当在经济模式下操作时，当驾驶员请求的挡位变化可能负面地影响燃料经济性时，控制器可选择性地禁止驾驶员请求的挡位变化。在经济模式中，可以在制动需求期间禁止驾驶员请求的挡位变化。如果驾驶员请求的挡位变化是降挡请求，则禁止降挡并且使用电机扭矩来模拟降挡。
id-US10315528B1    abstract-An unmanned vehicle and base station are disclosed that provide an efficient, automated, and quick system for loading onto and un-loading from the unmanned vehicle modular attachments or cartridges. The UAV can also include numerous components, modules, functionalities, and built-in features, including an emergency operation mode, payload delivery mode, and dispensing mode, among other advantages.
id-US20170240050A1    abstract-A power supply method carried out in a system that includes a fuel cell, a secondary battery, a motor, and an auxiliary for the fuel cell includes controlling an intermittent operation by which execution and stoppage of power generation by the fuel cell is switched intermittently to supply power to electric power loads including the motor and the auxiliary, determining whether or not an abnormality occurs in the secondary battery during the intermittent operation, instructing the motor to regenerate power on a condition that it is determined that an abnormality occurs in the secondary battery in the determination of whether or not the abnormality occurs, and supplying power, which is obtained by carrying out the regeneration, to the auxiliary.
id-US10889188B2    abstract-Provided is a drive control device for a vehicle with independently driven wheels, the control device enabling the vehicle to avoid unstable behavior caused by an overrevolution of one of the drive wheels. The vehicle includes left and right motors ( 6, 6 ) that independently drive left and right drive wheels ( 2, 2 ), respectively. The control device includes: an ECU ( 21 ) to generate and output a command torque; an inverter device ( 22 ); rotation speed detection modules ( 34, 34 ) to detect the rotation speeds of the respective left and right motors ( 6, 6 ); and a control module ( 35 ) to change the command torques for the respective left and right motors ( 6, 6 ) so as to reduce the rotation speeds of the left and right motors ( 6, 6 ) when at least one rotation speed between the detected rotation speeds of the left and right motors ( 6, 6 ) exceeds a predetermined rotation speed.
id-CN108698589B    abstract-混合动力车辆包括混合动力系统(30)，该混合动力系统(30)具有作为车辆行驶用的动力源的引擎(10)和电动发电机(31)、以及控制装置(80)，在混合动力车辆中，其特征在于，控制装置在滑行行驶时电动发电机进行再生发电的滑行再生时，执行如下控制处理：使上述引擎喷射燃料，将上述电动发电机的吸收扭矩控制为能够得到比预定的基准值高的发电效率的高吸收扭矩。
id-CN105730249A    abstract-本发明提供一种电动车辆制动能量回收分配方法，所述车辆包括依次连接的电动机、电动机控制器和储电器；车辆制动能量通过电动机回收至所述储电器；该方法包括：检测所述储电器某一参数，所述储电器回收制动能量比例随储电器该参数变化。针对现有技术中对制动能量回收策略设计中的普遍缺陷，提出一种制动能量回收分配方法，随着用于回收能量的储电器电量变化调整回收比例比例，提高制动能量的回收利用率。
id-FR3047448A1    abstract-L'invention concerne un système (10) de distribution d'énergie électrique pour véhicule automobile, le système (10) comportant au moins un véhicule (12a, 12b) équipé d'un moteur à combustion, un dispositif de stockage (14a, 14b) de l'énergie électrique qui équipe le véhicule (12a, 12b), et un dispositif de chargement (16a, 16b) du dispositif de stockage (14a, 14b) en énergie électrique, le dispositif de chargement (16a, 16b) étant adapté pour transformer tout ou partie de l'énergie cinétique générée par le moteur à combustion en électricité, le système (10) étant caractérisé en ce qu'il comporte au moins un dispositif d'échange (20a) d'énergie électrique qui est adapté pour exporter l'énergie électrique hors du véhicule associé (12a, 12b), depuis ledit dispositif de stockage (14a, 14b), jusqu'à un réseau électrique (22) ou un autre dispositif de stockage de l'énergie électrique.
id-DE102016202059A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Elektroantriebs (10) eines Fahrzeugs (100), der Elektroantrieb (10) aufweisend eine Elektromaschine (11), wobei das Fahrzeug (100) zumindest in einem Segelbetrieb (102) und einem Rekuperationsbetrieb (103) betreibbar ist, wobei ferner im Segelbetrieb (102) eine Bewegung (101) des Fahrzeugs (100) durch die Elektromaschine (11) nicht oder zumindest im Wesentlichen nicht beeinflusst wird und im Rekuperationsbetrieb (103) zur Erzeugung elektrischer Energie aus einer Bewegungsenergie des Fahrzeugs (100) die Elektromaschine (11) in einem Generatorbetrieb betrieben wird, und wobei die Elektromaschine (11) mit einem Traktionsspeicher (12), der zum Speichern und Bereitstellen elektrischer Energie für die Elektromaschine (11) ausgebildet ist, in einem Traktionsnetz (20) elektrisch gekoppelt ist. Ferner betrifft die Erfindung ein Fahrzeug (100) mit einem Elektroantrieb (10), der Elektroantrieb (10) aufweisend zumindest eine Elektromaschine (11), wobei das Fahrzeug (100) zumindest in einem Segelbetrieb (102) und einem Rekuperationsbetrieb (103) betreibbar ist, wobei die Elektromaschine (11) im Segelbetrieb (102) eine Bewegung (101) des Fahrzeugs (100) nicht oder zumindest im Wesentlichen nicht beeinflusst und im Rekuperationsbetrieb (103) die Elektromaschine (11) zur Erzeugung elektrischer Energie aus einer Bewegungsenergie des Fahrzeugs (100) in einem Generatorbetrieb betreibbar ist, und wobei die Elektromaschine (11) mit einem Traktionsspeicher (12), der zum Speichern und Bereitstellen elektrischer Energie für die Elektromaschine (11) ausgebildet ist, in einem Traktionsnetz (20) elektrisch gekoppelt ist.
id-KR20170096372A    abstract-본 발명은 전기 자동차의 회생 제동 제어부에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 전기 자동차의 회생 제동 제어부는, 차량 제어 유닛, 타이어의 마찰 계수를 감지한 정보를 상기 차량 제어 유닛에 제공하는 타이어 센서, 주행 경로 상의 장애물, 신호 변경, 속도 제한의 정보를 감지한 정보를 상기 차량 제어 유닛에 제공하는 전방 센서, 원하는 승차감에 따라 횡가속도를 사용자가 설정하여, 설정된 횡가속도를 상기 차량 제어 유닛에 제공하는 사용자 입력부, 주행 노면의 상태를 감지한 정보를 상기 차량 제어 유닛에 제공하는 노면 센서, 경로 탐색 과정을 통해 주행 경로의 정보를 상기 차량 제어 유닛에 제공하는 네비게이션 및 상기 차량 제어 유닛으로부터 역토크 지령을 받으면 회생 제동을 수행하는 구동 제어 유닛을 포함할 수 있다.
id-CN105751901A    abstract-本发明一种再生制动能量回收分配方法、系统及车辆，所述再生制动能量回收至储能系统，所述储能系统包括多个储能单元；所述方法包括：(1)设置储能系统中各储能单元储存回收能量的分配比例k；(2)采集一段时间内制动相关的数据；(3)计算步骤(2)中数据的数学期望值；(4)判断步骤(3)中数学期望值与设定值的关系，调整所述分配比例k。本发明根据车辆行驶一段时间内采集的制动信息数据，调整储能系统中各储能单元回收能量的分配比例，使能量得到更充分的利用。
id-KR101860627B1    abstract-본 발명은 운전자의 제동 의지를 감지하여 회생 제동을 수행함으로써, 회생 제동 에너지 회수량을 증가시킬 수 있는 차량의 회생 제동 시스템 및 이의 구동 방법에 관한 것이다.  본 발명의 실시 예에 따른 차량의 회생 제동 시스템은, 브레이크 페달에 배치되어 운전자의 발의 접촉 또는 일정거리 이내로 근접하는 것을 검출하는 근접 센서와; 상기 근접 센서의 검출 신호에 기초하여 운전자의 감속 의지를 판단하고, 감속 의지가 판단되면 회생 제동의 수행을 결정하는 제어부와; 상기 제어부의 제어에 따라 회생 제동을 수행하는 회생 제동 구동부;를 포함한다.
id-US20170237372A1    abstract-The present disclosure provides for a power system for a locomotive. The power system includes an engine, a first alternator, a second alternator and an inverter module. The first alternator operatively coupled to the engine and configured to provide electrical power to one or more traction motors. The second alternator operatively coupled to the engine and configured to provide electrical power to one or more auxiliary loads. The inverter module configured to selectively couple to an energy storage device to provide electrical power to the first alternator for cranking the engine and to a DC link to provide electrical power to the auxiliary load during regenerative braking of the traction motor.
id-CN105774565A    abstract-一种轨道车辆新的制动装置，其特征是：所述制动装置制动时，将轨道车辆动能通过轮对上的增速齿轮箱带动发电机发电，发电机转轴与该齿轮箱中的小齿轮轴通过鼓型齿式联轴器相连，发电机发出的电能经过能进行交流和直流转换的变频器输出给飞轮电池，将动能变成电能储存在飞轮电池中；当轨道车辆加速时，通过能进行交流和直流转换的变频器将飞轮电池中储存的直流电变成交流电来驱动电动机，电动机通过减速齿轮箱驱动轮对加速，飞轮电池中电能转变成车辆动能；发电机在驱动时作为电动机使用，此时，增速齿轮箱就变成了减速齿轮箱。
id-RU2016103743A    abstract-
id-GB2532650A    abstract-A pulse motor in a vehicle wheel hub 115 drives an electric vehicle. The stator 100 has coils 101 arranged in a two-dimensional array, protruding in a third dimension, and these windings 101 may be interlocked with protruding magnets 107 in the rotor 200. The coils 101 can be selectively activated in order to provide only as much power as is required in different driving conditions. The coils 101 simultaneously attract one magnet 107 and repel another. Regenerative braking is also possible.
id-DE202016001296U1    abstract-Rekuperierungsbremse für Bike, um über eine Bremsbetätigung einen oder mehrere Generatoren einzuschalten, um deren Drehwiderstand durch Wandlung von kinetischer in elektrische Energie als Bremsleistung zu nutzen.
id-US10124793B2    abstract-A power management system for a hybrid vehicle including an engine includes a vehicle power bus distributing power from a battery to vehicle loads. A capacitor includes one of a plurality of supercapacitors and a plurality of ultracapacitors. A starter/generator controller communicates with the capacitor and the battery. A power management module is configured to supply current from the capacitor to the starter/generator controller during cranking of the engine; and supply current from the battery to the starter/generator controller during the cranking of the engine. The power supplied by the battery is greater than or equal to 2% and less than or equal to 20% of a total power supplied to the starter/generator controller during the cranking of the engine.
id-US10876510B2    abstract-A system for discharging or charging a capacitor of a hybrid vehicle according to the present disclosure includes a target state of charge (SOC) module and a capacitor charge/discharge module. The target SOC module determines a target state of charge of the capacitor based on a speed of the vehicle. The capacitor charge/discharge module determines whether a state of charge of a capacitor is greater than a target state of charge. The capacitor charge/discharge module dissipates power from the capacitor to at least one of a battery of the vehicle and an electrical load of the vehicle when the state of charge of the capacitor is greater than the target state of charge.
id-US11616262B2    abstract-A battery and capacitor assembly for a hybrid vehicle includes a plurality of battery cells, a plurality of capacitor cells, a cooling plate, a pair of end brackets, and a housing. The plurality of capacitor cells are arranged adjacent to the plurality of battery cells such that the plurality of battery cells and the plurality of capacitor cells form a cell stack. The pair of end brackets are disposed at opposite ends of the cell stack and are attached to the cooling plate. The pair of end brackets compress the plurality of battery cells and the plurality of capacitor cells. The housing is attached to the cooling plate and encloses the cell stack and the pair of end brackets.
id-US10020770B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an energy storage, a motor driver, an electric motor, and circuitry. The motor driver is configured to convert direct-current power to alternating-current power and to convert alternating-current power to direct-current power. The electric motor is connected to the energy storage via the motor driver to move the vehicle. The circuitry is configured to drive the electric motor with a first current value to consume excess electric power. The first current value is different from a minimum current value to generate regeneration power arising from a braking force. The circuitry is configured to drive the electric motor with a second current value smaller than the first current value if a temperature of the electric motor is higher than a first threshold temperature or a temperature of the motor driver is higher than a second threshold temperature.
id-US9878703B2    abstract-An electrified vehicle according to an exemplary aspect of the present disclosure includes, among other things, an energy recovery mechanism, and a controller configured to selectively activate at least a battery cooling mode to dissipate excess power from the energy recovery mechanism.
id-CN107204468B    abstract-本发明的实施方式涉及二次电池、电池包及车辆。本发明的实施方式提供具有高的能量密度、充放电效率及寿命性能优异并且安全性高的二次电池、具备该二次电池的电池包、以及搭载该电池包的车辆。根据实施方式，提供一种二次电池。二次电池具备正极、负极和电解液。负极包含含有锌元素的负极集电体、和配置在负极集电体上的负极层。负极层包含含有选自由钛氧化物、锂钛氧化物、及锂钛复合氧化物组成的组中的至少一种化合物的负极活性物质。电解液包含水系溶剂和电解质。
id-CN107264264B    abstract-一种混合车辆的功率控制器，包括：第一驱动马达(2、5)，第一驱动马达(2、5)驱动车辆(1)的前轮(4)和后轮(6)中的任一个；引擎(3)，引擎(3)通过离合器(8)驱动车辆的前轮和后轮中的一个轮子或者对应的另一轮子；发电机(11)，发电机(11)由引擎(3)驱动；和变压器(18)，变压器(18)降压所产生的电功率，该电功率从发电机(11)供给至第一驱动马达(2、5)和电池(20)。功率控制器根据变压器的温度限制变压器的通过功率，并且当变压器的通过功率被限制时，离合器被连接。
id-CN105644560B    abstract-本发明公开了一种四轮轮毂电机电动车自适应巡航控制系统，包括：本发明以四轮轮毂电机电动车为研究对象，进行自适应巡航控制(ACC)研究，提出了考虑理论安全距离与实际距离之差、两车相对速度的模式切换控制方法，该控制方法将ACC分为跟随前车模式、定速巡航模式和匀速行驶模式，设计了包括理论安全距离算法、驱动力矩控制算法、制动力矩控制算法的自适应巡航控制器，通过再生制动对制动能量进行回收，并基于驾驶模拟器实验台设计典型工况对控制策略进行实验验证。本发明公开了一种四轮轮毂电机电动车自适应巡航控制方法。本发明具有操作安全稳定性高、控制准确、力矩分配合理、有效实现节能控制的特点。
id-CN107176159B    abstract-公开了一种在混合动力车辆中用于再生制动的控制系统。一种车辆包括动力传动系统、电机、电池和控制器。动力传动系统被配置为：在再生制动期间将动力传递给电机以对电池进行充电。控制器被配置为：响应于需求的动力传动系统输出扭矩减小，基于防颠簸扭矩计划而调节再生制动扭矩极限，基于系统约束而产生实际的再生制动扭矩，并将实际的再生制动扭矩限制为再生制动扭矩极限。
id-CN107222099B    abstract-本公开涉及具有降低的旁路二极管导通的可变电压转换系统。一种车辆动力传动系统包括旁路二极管和控制器。所述旁路二极管被配置为将逆变器DC端电压钳位到电池电压。所述控制器被配置为：当所述端电压在所述电池电压的预定范围内时，当所述车辆动力传动系统处于推进模式时使DC‑DC转换器的下IGBT保持截止，并且当所述车辆动力传动系统处于再生模式时对所述下IGBT进行调制，以增大所述端电压，从而使所述旁路二极管保持反向偏置。
id-US10093196B2    abstract-An electric storage device includes a first electric capacitor, a second electric capacitor, a converter, and a processor. The converter converts electric power transmitted between an external power system external to the electric storage device and at least one of the first electric capacitor and second electric capacitor. The processor is configured to control the converter to operate in at least one of a first mode and a second mode, the first electric capacitor continuously discharging electric power to the external power system in the first mode, the second electric capacitor discharging electric power to the external power system and being charged by the external power system, intermittently, to stabilize frequencies in the external power system in the second mode.
id-US10279686B2    abstract-A locomotive regenerative electric energy feedback system with an ice melting function, comprising two regenerative electric energy feedback devices (1). A direct-current side positive electrode of the regenerative electric energy feedback device (1) is connected to a positive electrode bus of a subway traction network, wherein the positive electrode bus is connected to an uplink contact network and a downlink contact network respectively via a first switching switch (4) and a second switching switch (5). A direct-current side negative electrode of the regenerative electric energy feedback device (1) is connected to the downlink contact network or the uplink contact network via a third switching switch (2), and the direct-current side negative electrode is connected to a negative electrode bus of the subway traction network via a fourth switching switch (3). Further disclosed is a control method corresponding to the system. In the system and method, the ice melting function on a contact network circuit between two traction stations is achieved by means of switch switching and a control method for adjusting the regenerative electric energy feedback devices, and an original regenerative electric energy feedback device is used without adding an additional device, so that the reliability is high.
id-US10633008B2    abstract-A DC-feeding-voltage calculating apparatus includes storage that stores train model information including information for controlling a regenerative power reducing amount in a train in an electrified section; feeding network model information including position information on a substation; and substation model information including control information on a substation voltage. On the basis of: the stored information; a voltage value, current values of feeders by train direction, the voltage and current values being measured in the substation; and first train information on a train including a wireless communication apparatus, an estimator estimates second train information on a train not including a wireless communication apparatus and outputs train operation information. A calculator, on the basis of the stored information and the train operation information, calculates a substation voltage setting value for controlling the substation voltage such that regenerative power is increased in a regenerative car in the electrified section.
id-EP3225446B1    abstract-
id-US20190092316A1    abstract-A second motor is connected to a shaft. A power transmission mechanism is configured to transmit power from the shaft and power from a second motor to a driving wheel. A power switching mechanism is connected to a first motor, the shaft, and an internal combustion engine. The power switching mechanism is switchable to a first state in which power transmission between the first motor and the shaft is allowed, a second state in which power transmission between the first motor and the shaft is inhibited and power transmission between the first motor and the internal combustion engine is inhibited, and a third state in which power transmission between the first motor and the internal combustion engine is allowed.
id-US20170282751A1    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric power storage, an electric power generator, a rotating electric machine, and circuitry. The rotating electric machine is driven with electric power stored in the electric power storage and/or generated by the electric power generator to move the vehicle. The circuitry is configured to calculate target driving force for rotating electric machine, to detect surplus electric power which is generated due to a response delay of the electric power generator upon decreasing an amount of electric power generated by the electric power generator when the target driving force decreases, and to drive the rotating electric machine, when detecting the surplus electric power, with a phase current different from a maximum efficiency phase current with which an electric current value or electric power loss of the rotating electric machine is smallest so that the rotating electric machine consumes the surplus electric power.
id-US20170253230A1    abstract-When a braking request is made while a SOC recovery switch is turned off, regeneration driving of a rear wheel motor is prohibited. In this case, a front wheel motor, the rear wheel motor, and an oil hydraulic brake device are controlled such that requested braking torque is exerted on a vehicle with regenerative driving of the front wheel motor and without regenerative driving of the rear wheel motor. When the braking request is made while the SOC recovery switch is turned on, the regeneration driving of the rear wheel motor is permitted. In this case, the front wheel motor, the rear wheel motor, and the oil hydraulic brake device are controlled such that the requested braking torque is exerted on the vehicle with regenerative driving of the front wheel motor and the rear wheel motor.
id-US20200149996A1    abstract-A method that may include obtaining environmental parameters related to one or more routes of a trip for a first vehicle system, and determining one or more expenditure sections and one or more charging sections of the one or more routes by predicting where the first vehicle system will consume energy and where the first vehicle system will generate the energy, respectively, during the trip based on the environmental parameters. A first trip plan may be obtained for the trip based on the one or more expenditure sections and the one or more charging sections, the trip plan designating one or more operational settings for the first vehicle system for travel during the trip.
id-JP6550188B2    abstract-
id-EP3429886B1    abstract-
id-CN105751902B    abstract-一种电机全电子再生制动能量回收系统，包括有电机、微处理器、调控电路和储供电路，其中调控电路包括有信号检测电路A、变压器和变流器，并配备有换向开关和档位切换开关；储供电路由缓冲器、充放电控制电路和储供装置以及信号检测电路B组成；微处理器用于实时接收整车控制系统当前的控制信号及信号检测电路A与信号检测电路B反馈的电压、电流信号，从而实现对变流器、换向开关、档位切换开关和充放电控制电路的工作状态的实时控制；本发明结构简单、成本低廉、安全可靠、易集成化，在实现对电机驱动和制动控制的同时，达到了对制动能量的回收利用，实现了机械能与电能之间的高效相互转化，不仅环保节能,无噪音污染，而且市场前景广阔。
id-CN108778822A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于运行电网的方法，该电网包括第一子网和第二子网，这些子网通过变压器彼此连接并且通过该变压器彼此电流隔离，其中该变压器的初级侧以第一匝数与该第一子网相关联并且该变压器的次级侧以第二匝数与该第二子网相关联，其中该第一子网具有带有多个单独模块的多电平变换器，其中每个单独模块具有电能存储器，其中由该多电平变换器提供至少一个第一输入的交流电压，该交流电压通过至少一个第二输入的交流电压来调制，其中将从中得出的电压提供给该变压器，该电压由该变压器变换成输出电压，将该输出电压提供给该第二子网。
id-CN107199895B    abstract-本发明提供一种混合动力机动车，在正在对电动机进行再生控制的期间产生了电池电压系电压成为过电压状态的异常时，切断升压转换器，使系统主继电器成为无电弧状态而进行断开(切断)，在发动机为运转停止中时起动发动机。然后，用升压转换器来确认系统主继电器的断开(切断)，之后，开始无蓄电池行驶。由此，能够避免由于在系统主继电器产生接通固定的异常时开始无蓄电池行驶而可能产生的问题。
id-JP6683949B2    abstract-
id-DE102016204090A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Anhängewagen (1, 1‘) für ein straßengebundenes Zugfahrzeug (15), umfassend mindestens eine elektrische Schnittstelle (3, 3‘, 3‘‘, 3‘‘‘, 3‘‘‘‘), mindestens einen Elektromotor (5, 5‘, 5‘‘, 5‘‘‘) und mindestens ein antreibbares Rad (2, 2‘, 2‘‘, 2‘‘‘), wobei die elektrische Schnittstelle (3, 3‘, 3‘‘, 3‘‘‘, 3‘‘‘‘) zum Übertragen von elektrischer Energie sowie zum Übertragen von Fahrinformationen ausgebildet ist und wobei der mindestens eine Elektromotor (5, 5‘, 5‘‘, 5‘‘‘) über die mindestens eine elektrische Schnittstelle (3, 3‘, 3‘‘, 3‘‘‘, 3‘‘‘‘) mit übertragener elektrischer Energie versorgbar ist. Der erfindungsgemäße Anhängewagen (1, 1‘) zeichnet sich dadurch aus, dass das mindestens eine antreibbare Rad (2, 2‘, 2‘‘, 2‘‘‘) mittels des mindestens einen Elektromotors (5, 5‘, 5‘‘, 5‘‘‘) in einem Motorbetrieb antreibbar ist und dass das mindestens eine antreibbare Rad (2, 2‘, 2‘‘, 2‘‘‘) mittels des mindestens einen Elektromotors (5, 5‘, 5‘‘, 5‘‘‘) in einem Rekuperationsbetrieb bremsbar ist. Die Erfindung betrifft weiterhin ein entsprechendes Gespann (19) und ein entsprechendes Verfahren.
id-JP2017180635A    abstract-【課題】断接手段の締結状態をできるだけ長く確保しつつ、車両挙動の乱れを抑制可能な駆動装置を提供する。 【解決手段】後輪駆動装置１は、第１及び第２電動機２Ａ、２Ｂと、第１及び第２電動機２Ａ、２Ｂと後輪Ｗｒとの動力伝達経路上に設けられ、解放又は締結することにより駆動源側と車輪側とを遮断状態又は接続状態にする湿式多板式の油圧ブレーキ６０と、油圧ブレーキ６０の遮断状態と接続状態との切り替えを制御するとともに、車両３の速度を制御する制御装置８と、を備える。後輪駆動装置１は、湿式多板式の油圧ブレーキ６０のプレート３５，３６の冷却に供されるオイルの粘性相関量を取得する粘性取得手段をさらに備え、制御装置８は、粘性相関量が第１所定値以上で油圧ブレーキ６０を締結する又は締結を維持するとともに、車両３を第１速度未満に制御する。 【選択図】図１６
id-CN105667317B    abstract-本发明公开电动汽车回馈制动扭矩的方法，包括：通过预设的标定最大制动扭矩的参数表格，获得不同电机转速下不影响驾驶者正常驾驶感受的驾驶员制动扭矩需求，计算出对应的电池最大允许制动扭矩，与电机最大允许制动扭矩一起取最小者作为当前状态的回馈制动扭矩请求；计算当前所要输出的回馈制动扭矩T＝T_0/N并执行一次输出；判定在ABS系统分别在始终未激活、激活、未激活且在此次制动过程中经历过ABS系统激活状态的情况下，分别在每个计算周期中逐步增大输出的回馈制动扭矩T，将上个计算周期计算得到的T的值减半后输出；保持上个计算周期的T值不变。本发明在避免产生制动轮抱死，尽量多的产生回馈制动扭矩以收回制动能量。
id-CN107226081A    abstract-本发明涉及一种尤其在混合动力汽车的制动时、运行用于混合动力汽车、例如加版轻度混合动力汽车的驱动装置的方法，其中驱动装置具有内燃机(13)、第一电机(10)、其能够与内燃机(13)的曲轴(12)耦连、第二电机(20)、其能够与混合动力汽车的汽车驱动系(26)耦连、和具备混合能力的制动系统，所述方法包含以下步骤：‑a)评估在混合动力汽车制动时通过第一电机(10)和第二电机(20)的有效的回收，‑b)根据按照步骤a)进行的评估、通过第一电机(10)和/或第二电机(20)提供期望的制动功率。
id-US9702304B1    abstract-A system for providing deceleration in a hybrid vehicle having a hydraulic braking system and a regenerative braking system. The system includes a hydraulic braking sensor configured to determine a status of the hydraulic braking system. The system also includes a brake pedal unit configured to determine brake pedal data. The system also includes a battery configured to store energy generated by the regenerative braking system. The system also includes a processor configured to determine whether the hydraulic braking system is compromised. The processor is also configured to detect an emergency braking situation based on the brake pedal data. The processor is also configured to increase engine speed of the engine to induce engine braking, and increase the maximum charge limit of the battery to increase a regenerative braking capacity of the regenerative braking system when the hydraulic braking system is compromised and the emergency braking situation is detected.
id-EP3424768B1    abstract-
id-KR101860936B1    abstract-유압식 제동장치를 대체하기 위한 전기 자동차의 제동 제어 장치 및 그 방법이 개시된다. 전기 자동차의 제동제어장치는 경사 여부에 따라 제1 제동모드 또는 제2 제동모드를 선택하고, 브레이크의 작동시 선택된 제1 제동모드 또는 제2 제동모드에 따라 구동모터의 회생제동토크를 제어한다. 여기서 제1 제동모드는 회생제동토크가 연속적으로 변화하는 모드이고, 제2 제동모드는 회생제동토크가 비연속적으로 변화하는 모드이다.
id-KR101876013B1    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 페달 스트로크 센서로부터 운전자의 제동량이 감지되면 보정모드로 진입하는 보정모드 진입단계와 상기 보정모드로의 진입을 통해 운전자의 제동패턴을 분석하기 위하여 누적 보정유압제동량과 기설정된 제1유압제동량을 비교하는 제1제동패턴 분석 단계와 상기 누적 보정유압제동량이 상기 제1유압제동량 보다 작은 경우, 운전자가 완제동을 위주의 제동패턴을 가진 것으로 판단하여 제어기로 모터의 회생제동 제한 요청 신호를 전달하는 회생제동 제한 요청 단계 및 상기 모터의 회생제동이 제한된 상태에서 상기 스트로크 센서에 입력된 운전자의 제동량을 기준으로 보정 유압제동량을 계산하고, 상기 보정 유압제동량에 따라 유압제동이 작동하도록 하는 유압제동 단계를 포함한다.
id-US20170288526A1    abstract-A self-generating power generation system is a generating system that is designed to use a portion of the incoming power to generate additional power to make the system highly efficient. The system may be used in a motor vehicle and take advantage of the available kinetic energy of the turning wheels regenerate power to multiply the efficiency. The system uses two batteries, a brushless dc motor, a generator, gearing, relays, switches, a regulator, a diode, and a controller.
id-US20170282926A1    abstract-A regeneration control apparatus which controls a regenerative braking force of an electric motor for driving an electric motor vehicle includes: a regeneration operation unit operated by a driver to select magnitude of the regenerative braking force stepwise from selection stages; a default operation unit operated by the driver to change the magnitude of the regenerative braking force to one of the selection stages which has been set as a default stage; a detection unit detecting an operation state on the regeneration operation unit during a learning period; and a default stage changing unit, when one of the selection stages whose selection frequency is highest during the learning period is different from one of the selection stages which has been currently set as the default stage, changing the default stage to another selection stage.
id-EP3219535A1    abstract-A controlling apparatus (5) is provided for a vehicle (1) including a motor (2), an inverter (3), and a battery (4). The controlling apparatus (5) includes a determiner (6), an estimator (7), and a controller (8). The determiner (6) judges whether a first condition is satisfied or not. The first condition is satisfied if the vehicle (1) is in a coasting state in a regeneration prohibited mode in which a regenerative brake is disabled. The estimator (7) estimates whether a second condition is satisfied or not. The second condition is satisfied if the motor (2) is not to generate a regenerative torque upon a shutdown of the inverter (3). The controller (8) shuts down the inverter (3) if the determiner (6) judges that the first condition is satisfied and the estimator (7) estimates that the second condition is satisfied.
id-US20170267108A1    abstract-A power system for a locomotive. The power system includes an alternator, a first inverter system, a traction motor, a second inverter system and an auxiliary power unit. The first inverter system is coupled to the alternator and receives high voltage power from the alternator. The traction motor is coupled to the first inverter system receives high voltage power from the first inverter system. The second inverter system is also coupled to the alternator. The second inverter system steps down the high voltage power from the alternator. The auxiliary power unit is coupled to the second inverter system and receives the stepped down voltage power from the second inverter system.
id-KR20170112391A    abstract-본 발명은 상부에 착탈하여 교체 가능한 배터리를 구동차량 및 종동차량에 내장한 노면전차와 노면전차의 배터리를 교체하는 배터리교체스테이션을 구비하여 가선에 의한 전력 공급 없이도 장거리 운행이 가능한 무가선 노면전차 시스템에 관한 것이다.
id-CN105667292B    abstract-本发明公开一种基于行星传动的液压式混合动力车辆传动系统，解决了双输出控制和三机械自由度控制。它包括三组液压泵/马达，一个发动机，前、后两个输出轴，三排行星齿轮机构，两个离合器，一个制动器。发动机，液压泵/马达，前、后输出轴分布连接在三排行星齿轮机构中，其中发动机与前、后输出轴不通过行星齿轮机构直接连接，前、后输出轴之间也不通过行星齿轮机构直接连接，前、后输出轴与制动器之间也不直接连接。本发明采用三排行星齿轮机构，三组液压泵/马达均可以实现驱动或制动，通过协调控制实现系统的混联驱动及启动发动机等功能，同时可以调节发动机的工作点，提供车辆附件所需的功率，实现了系统控制的结构和功能集成。
id-JP2017177878A    abstract-【課題】悪路での走行性を確保することができる共に、電動モータの電力消費量を低減することができる作業車が要望されている。 【解決手段】トルク上限値変更部は、回転速度低下度ΔＶが基準回転速度低下度ΔＶｓよりも大きい場合（Ｓ２，Ｙｅｓ）は、力行側のトルク上限値Ｔａ＿ｍａｘを大きくし（Ｓ３）、回転速度低下度ΔＶが基準回転速度低下度ΔＶｓよりも小さい場合（Ｓ２，Ｎｏ）は、力行側のトルク上限値Ｔａ＿ｍａｘを小さくする（Ｓ５）。 【選択図】図５
id-WO2017169238A1    abstract-回生エネルギーの積算量の表示の尺度を変更可能とすることで、ユーザビリティの向上を図る。本発明に係る回生エネルギー表示装置(1)は、回生エネルギーを回収可能な車両(10)に搭載されていて、回生エネルギーの積算量(Ａａ)を示すグラフ(5)が表示可能な表示部(2)と、表示部に表示される積算量(Ａａ)を示す情報の尺度（上限値）を変更可能とするように表示部(2)を制御する制御部(3)とを備えている。
id-EP3437934A4    abstract-
id-FR3049542A1    abstract-L'invention concerne un procédé de commande d'un alternateur d'un véhicule automobile équipé d'un moteur à combustion interne et qui est susceptible de parcourir un trajet prédéfini, le procédé comprenant les étapes suivantes : - estimation (15) d'une durée de parcours (Dt) d'un itinéraire (I) prévu pour ce trajet par le véhicule lorsque ledit moteur fonctionne dans un mode de décélération ; - évaluation (25) de la consommation électrique (Ce) du véhicule durant une durée totale de parcours (Dpt) de l'itinéraire ((); - détermination (26) d'un courant électrique (Cf) à fournir par l'alternateur (4) durant la durée de parcours (Dt) estimée de l'itinéraire (I) afin de compenser la consommation électrique (Ce) évaluée du véhicule, et - exécution (28) d'une première stratégie de pilotage de l'alternateur (4) si le courant électrique (Cf) à fournir est inférieur ou égal à un courant maximal (Cm) de l'alternateur (4), ladite étape d'exécution (28) mettant en œuvre une production du courant électrique (Cf) par l'alternateur (4) pour alimenter des consommateurs électriques et/ou recharger une batterie dudit véhicule durant la durée de parcours (Dt) où le moteur thermique fonctionne dans le mode de décélération.
id-US20180194216A1    abstract-A driving system includes: a motor; a power transmission device; a motor controller; an application force controller; and an application force acquiring device. When the motor controller receives a request for generation of power in such a state that the motor generates no power, the motor controller controls to permit and/or prohibit the generation of power of the motor based on the current application force and a necessary application force which is an application force of the power transmission device that is needed to transmit a maximum generation power of the motor in a current rotating state quantity which is a rotating state quantity that the motor is currently having.
id-US10442425B2    abstract-A work vehicle includes a propelling device, which consists of a pair of right and left front wheels and a pair of right and left rear wheels, an engine configured to drive one of the pair of front wheels and the pair of rear wheels, an electric motor configured to drive the other of the pair of front wheels and the pair of rear wheels, a battery configured to supply electric power to the electric motor, and a controller configured to control the electric motor. The controller performs regeneration control at constant current value to charge the battery with regenerative power of the electric motor at a constant current value regardless of rotation speed of the electric motor.
id-EP3216643B1    abstract-
id-CN107303898B    abstract-一种通过车辆的电机扭矩控制来改善制动性能的方法包括：在车辆的制动开始之前确定车轮扭矩变化量和行驶加速度变化量之间的关系；当驾驶员踩压制动踏板以开始车辆的制动时，计算根据驾驶员的制动请求而变化的目标加速度；实时检测车辆的真实加速度；比较真实加速度和目标加速度；当真实加速度不同于目标加速度时，通过经由电机扭矩控制增大再生制动，从而对真实加速度和目标加速度之间的差进行补偿。
id-US10286804B2    abstract-A system for employing gravity to provide electrical power for mining operations in a mine includes a battery configured to power an electric vehicle. The vehicle includes a kinetic energy capture system that can charge the battery as the vehicle conveys a loaded vehicle down a ramp from an ore face to a chamber. Traveling down the ramp produces a surplus charge in the battery due to a weight differential between a loaded vehicle traveling down a ramp producing more energy via the kinetic energy capture system than energy used by the vehicle to convey the empty vehicle up the ramp to the ore face. A discharging device disposed in the chamber is configured to discharge the surplus energy out of the battery and into the mine's power grid. One or multiple trips between the ore face and the chamber may fully charge the battery.
id-CN105656243B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于车辆的电机、包含该电机的电机系统及利用该电机系统充电和刹车的方法。所述电机包括：离合器单元、行星齿轮系、转子、磁钢以及与该磁钢固定连接的定子；所述离合器单元用于在所述车轮轴和所述行星齿轮系之间传递旋转力矩；所述行星齿轮系套设在所述车轮轴上，能够利用从所述离合器单元传输来的力带动所述转子转动，或将转子的转动传输到所述离合器单元；其中，在所述车辆正常行驶时，所述电机利用定子和转子的相对运动而在所述线圈中产生的感应电流为车辆的电池充电；在所述车辆收到刹车信号时，所述电机利用定子和转子的相对运动而在所述线圈中产生的感应逆电势使得所述车辆刹车。所述电机具有结构紧凑、维护简单的特点。
id-CN107264335B    abstract-本发明提供一种用于控制电动车辆的转矩的系统和方法。该系统包括：行驶信息检测单元，其检测电动车辆的速度和加速器踏板的位置；以及控制器，其将由驾驶者输入的偏置转矩施加到针对电动车辆的蠕行行驶而设置的基础蠕行转矩线，以设置自基础蠕行转矩线在负(‑)转矩方向上变化的偏置转矩线。此外，控制器在没有输入偏置转矩时基于基础蠕行转矩线根据电动车辆的速度计算基础蠕行转矩，且在输入偏置转矩时基于偏置转矩线根据电动车辆的速度计算驾驶者蠕行转矩。
id-CN107298024B    abstract-本发明公开了一种车辆的能量回馈方法、系统及车辆，该方法包括：判断车辆是否满足能量回馈条件；如果是，则根据电机的转速得到恒定回馈力矩，其中，恒定回馈力矩为恒定功率回馈力矩或恒定扭矩回馈力矩；获取对应于最大制动加速度限值的最大电制动力矩和对应于动力电池的最大充电功率的最大充电力矩；根据恒定回馈力矩、最大电制动力矩和最大充电力矩确定最大能量回馈力矩；根据能量回馈系数和最大能量回馈力矩得到最终能量回馈力矩，并根据最终能量回馈力矩控制电机进行回馈制动。本发明实施例的车辆的能量回馈方法可以提升能量回馈效率，进而降低能耗和降低为染污排放。
id-KR101786332B1    abstract-연료전지 스택 공기 공급량이 감소하는 경우, 제어부에서 연료전지 스택의 수분량을 도출하는 단계; 상기 제어부에서 상기 수분량에 따라 연료전지의 상태를 판단하는 단계; 상기 판단된 상태에 따라 공기압축기의 회생제동 전력과 고전압배터리의 충전가능 전력을 이용하여 구동모터의 회생제동 허용전력을 도출하는 단계; 및 상기 제어부에서 구동모터의 회생제동 실제전력이 상기 회생제동 허용전력을 초과하지 않도록 구동모터의 회생제동을 제어하는 단계;를 포함하는 연료전지 차량의 전력 분배 방법이 소개된다.
id-WO2017186505A1    abstract-Ein Aspekt der Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Schalten eines in unterschiedliche Gänge schaltbaren Getriebes für ein Kraftfahrzeug, wobei das Kraftfahrzeug eine elektrische Maschine umfasst, die über eine Kupplung mit dem Eingang eines Getriebes verbunden ist. Gemäß dem Verfahren wird nach Entgegennahme eines Hochschalt-Kommandos zum Schalten des Getriebes in einen höheren Gang die Kupplung zwischen elektrischer Maschine und Getriebe geöffnet, die Drehzahl der elektrischen Maschine reduziert, die Schaltung im Getriebe durchgeführt und die Kupplung wieder geschlossen. Das erfindungsgemäße Verfahren kennzeichnet sich dadurch, dass entschieden wird, ob die Reduktion der Drehzahl der elektrischen Maschine durch deren Betreiben in einer generatorischen, ersten Bremsbetriebsart oder durch deren Betreiben in einer zweiten Bremsbetriebsart mit erhöhter Verlustleistung umgesetzt werden soll.
id-CN105644536A    abstract-本发明公开了一种制动能量回收系统，包括ABS控制器、电机控制器及电机，所述的制动能量回收系统设有路面识别模块，所述的路面识别模块的信号输入端与ABS控制器中的轮速信号输出单元连接；所述的路面识别模块的信号输出端与电机控制器连接。本发明还公开该系统的控制方法。采用上述技术方案，通过增加一个路面识别算法程序模块，在识别紧急制动时，直接让制动能量回收功能退出；在常规制动时，在优先保证车辆行驶安全性的前提下，根据不同附着系数的路面，提供相对最大的电机制动力，从而保证相对最大的制动能量回收率；本发明的上述技术方案的成本很低。
id-KR20170122366A    abstract-연료전지 제어부에서 공기압축기 모터의 회전속도 변화정보를 감지하는 단계; 상기 모터 회전속도가 감속하는 경우, 상기 연료전지 제어부에서 고전압배터리 SOC(State Of Charge)를 감지하는 단계; 상기 감지결과 고전압배터리 SOC가 기설정된 SOC기준을 초과하는 경우, 상기 연료전지 제어부에서 연료전지 차량 전장품의 소모전류를 이용하여 공기압축기 회생제동 허용전류를 도출하는 단계; 및 공기압축기 제어부에서 상기 회생제동 허용전류에 기반하여 공기압축기 모터를 제어하는 단계;를 포함하는 연료전지 차량의 공기압축기 제어방법이 소개된다.
id-US9597979B1    abstract-A method of controlling a powertrain of a hybrid vehicle includes comparing an operating efficiency of a motor-generator-inverter to an upper MGI efficiency threshold when a boost operating mode is selected. When the operating efficiency of the motor-generator-inverter is equal to or greater than the upper MGI efficiency threshold, the motor-generator-inverter is controlled to operate in the boost operating mode. The operating efficiency of the motor-generator-inverter is compared to a lower MGI efficiency threshold when a regenerative operating mode is selected. When the operating efficiency of the motor-generator-inverter is equal to or greater than the lower MGI efficiency threshold, the motor-generator-inverter is controlled to operate in the regenerative operating mode.
id-JP2017195719A    abstract-【課題】装置の各部分の能力を過剰に上げることを抑制しつつ、回転電機の実質的な出力を向上させることのできる回転電機の制御装置を提供する。 【解決手段】回転電機（１２）と、回転電機に配線（１６）により接続された電池（１０）と、回転電機の出力指令の上限である出力上限値を設定する上限値設定部（４３、４６、６０）と、を備えるシステム（１００）に適用され、回転電機を制御する制御装置であって、電池及び配線の少なくとも１つの温度を取得する温度取得部（４３、４６、５１〜５３、５４）と、温度取得部により取得された温度に基づいて、回転電機の出力指令を許容する上限である出力許容値を算出する許容値算出部（４３、４６）と、許容値算出部により算出された出力許容値を、上限値設定部へ送信する送信部（４３、４６）と、を備える。 【選択図】      図１
id-US20190131893A1    abstract-A system includes a rotary electric machine, wiring, a battery that is connected to the rotary electric machine by the wiring harness, and an upper limit value setting section which sets an output upper limit value that is an upper limit of an output command of the rotary electric machine. A control apparatus which controls the rotary electric machine is provided with a temperature acquisition section which acquires the temperature of at least one of the battery and the wiring, an allowable output value calculation section which calculates an allowable output value that is an upper limit allowed for an output command of the rotary electric machine, based on the temperature that is acquired by the temperature acquisition section, and a transmitting section which transmits the allowable output value calculated by the allowable value calculation section to the upper limit value setting section.
id-CN105691212A    abstract-本发明涉及一种混合动力汽车复合电源的再生制动控制策略及汽车，其中本再生制动控制策略包括如下步骤：步骤S1，获得车辆摩擦制动力和再生制动力的分配因数；以及步骤S2，根据所述分配因数对车辆的摩擦制动力和再生制动力进行分配；本发明的再生制动控制策略克服以制动强度作为混合动力汽车制动力分配因素所带来的再生制动能量回收不充分问题，同时考虑以蓄电池和超级电容复合电源为储能系统的安全充电条件；并且本再生制动控制策略不仅能最大限度地回收再生制动能量，充分发挥复合电源中蓄电池能量密度大和超级电容功率密度大的优势，同时保证汽车的安全制动。
id-KR102460853B1    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 제동 제어방법이 개시된다. 본 발명의 차량의 제동 제어방법은, 제어부가 페달센서로부터 백업 마스터 실린더부에 가해지는 페달의 스트로크를 입력받는 단계; 제어부가 페달의 스트로크에 따른 총 제동량을 산출하는 단계; 제어부가 페달의 스트로크가 회생 제동량의 한계 범위 미만인 경우 총 제동량에 대해 회생 제동을 구현하는 단계; 페달의 스트로크가 회생 제동량의 한계 범위 이상인 경우, 제어부가 총 제동량에 대해 회생 제동을 구현함과 더불어 전동부스터를 구동시켜 메인 마스터 실린더를 통해 마찰제동을 구현하여 협조하는 단계; 및 페달의 스트로크가 백업 마스터 실린더부의 무효 스트로크 초과하는 경우, 제어부가 총 제동량에 대해 백업 마스터 실린더부에 가해지는 페달력에 부가하여 전동부스터를 구동시켜 메인 마스터 실린더를 통해 마찰제동을 구현하는 단계;를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-US20170305299A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method for recuperation based braking of a vehicle in which electrical energy generated during a braking process is decreased by operating at lest one second electric machine of the vehicle in a zero slip mode in order to prevent overcharging of a traction battery of the vehicle.
id-CN107415934B    abstract-本发明提供一种用于混合动力车辆的控制装置及用于混合动力车辆的控制方法。电子控制单元在未选择Charge Sustaining(电量保持)模式的情况下执行控制处理，该控制处理包括如下的步骤：设定短于第一学习时间的第二学习时间的步骤；将扩大值设定为反馈量的上下限值的步骤；在学习开始条件成立的情况下，将发动机停止禁止标志设为接通的步骤；执行学习控制的步骤；在经过了设定的学习时间的情况下，执行更新处理的步骤；及将发动机停止禁止标志设为断开状态的步骤。
id-CN105882425B    abstract-本发明实施例公开了一种电动车电能回收方法及电动车，所述方法包括：检测到针对电动车的第一操作时，获取第一参数；判断所述第一参数是否大于第一设定阈值，生成第一判断结果；当所述第一判断结果表征所述第一参数大于第一设定阈值时，基于所述第一参数确定第二参数；根据所述第二参数生成第一指令；执行所述第一指令，控制所述电动车的电动机处于第一工作模式，以对所述电动车的蓄电池进行充电。
id-KR20170124026A    abstract-연료전지 제어부에서 연료전지 스택의 드라이 아웃 발생여부를 판단하는 단계; 드라이 아웃이 발생되었다고 판단된 경우 상기 연료전지 제어부에서 공기블로어를 회생제동시키는 단계; 공기블로어 제어부에서 상기 회생제동으로 인하여 발생하는 전력을 고전압 배터리로 공급하여 고전압배터리를 충전시키는 단계;를 포함하는 드라이 아웃시 연료전지 차량 제어 방법이 소개된다.
id-KR101856316B1    abstract-본 발명의 다양한 실시 예에 따른 차량 시스템은, 차량을 구동하는 모터, 차량을 제동하는 제동 장치, 차량의 운행 상태에 따라 충전 또는 방전되는 배터리, 모터 및 제동 장치에 의해 배터리가 충전 또는 방전되는 순간 전력을 산출하는 전력 관리 모듈, 디스플레이 및 디스플레이에 충전 또는 방전되는 순간 전력을 표시하도록 설정된 프로세서를 포함할 수 있다.
id-WO2017177895A1    abstract-一种电动车电能回收方法，包括：检测到针对电动车的第一操作时，获取第一参数（101）；根据第一参数判断是否满足第一预设条件（102），并在确定满足第一预设条件时，获得第二参数（103）；根据第二参数生成第一指令（104）；执行第一指令，控制电动车的电动机处于第一工作模式，以对电动车的蓄电池进行充电（105）。还公开了一种电动车电能回收装置、一种电动车及一种存储介质。
id-KR20170119525A    abstract-본 발명의 다양한 실시 예에 따른 차량 시스템은, 차량을 구동하는 모터, 차량을 제동하는 제동 장치, 적어도 하나의 전자 장치, 모터 및 적어도 하나의 전자 장치로 전력을 공급하고, 제동 장치에 의해 충전되는 배터리, 모터 및 전자 장치에 의해 소비되는 전력 및 제동 장치에 의해 충전되는 전력을 산출하는 전력 관리 모듈, 디스플레이 및 디스플레이에 배터리의 최초 전력량, 모터 및 적어도 하나의 전자 장치에 의해 소비된 전력량, 및 제동 장치에 의해 충전된 전력량을 나타내는 오브젝트를 포함하는 사용자 인터페이스를 표시하도록 설정된 프로세서를 포함할 수 있다.
id-KR20170122608A    abstract-본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 기어 변속시 제동 감속감 향상 제어 방법은 회생제동이 이루어지는 상태에서 변속 레버의 N단 변화를 검출하는 단계; 상기 변속 레버의 N단 조작에 의한 타력 주행시 회생 토크의 제 1변화량을 검출하는 단계; 및 상기 타력 주행시 회생 토크의 제 1변화량에 기초하여 제 1유압 제동량을 산출하는 단계;를 포함한다.
id-US20170291494A1    abstract-An electric power generation control device applied to a system including a generator capable of regenerative electric power generation, an electric power storage device capable of being charged with electric power, and a friction brake device that generates a braking force. The control device includes an operation amount acquisition unit that acquires a brake operation amount by the driver, an electric power generation amount acquisition units that increase a target electric power generation amount for the generator the larger the brake operation amount is, and have plural relationships of which the target electric power generation amounts that correspond to a certain brake amount differ, and acquire the target electric power generation amount according to one of the relationships based on change in the brake operation amount, and an electric power generation amount instruction unit that controls the generator based on the target electric power generation amount.
id-JP6663075B2    abstract-
id-GB2554337A    abstract-An eddy current brake 10 for a vehicle (e.g. EV, HEV, PHEV, BEV) has a rotor 12 and an electromagnet 14, the electromagnet receiving current from an electromechanical energy generating means 16 (e.g. motor/generator) during braking of the vehicle, wherein an eddy current is induced in the rotor. The energy generating means may be provided on a first vehicle axle and the eddy current brake on a second vehicle axle. The electromagnet may be located at a radially outer portion of the rotor and separated from the rotor by a small air gap, up to a few millimetres. An electronic controller determines an amount of current generation provided by the energy generating means and thereby controls the amount of current provided to the electromagnet of the eddy current brake and/or an energy storage means (e.g. battery 32). The amount of current provided to the electromagnet may also be dependent on a current absorption limit and/or an energy storage state value of the energy storage means. The controller may receive inputs from a brake pedal position sensor 28 and/or a vehicle speed sensor 26 to determine the amount of current to be provided to the electromagnet of the eddy current brake.
id-CN105946589B    abstract-本发明公开了轮毂电机电动汽车制动系统及制动能量回收控制方法。传统电动汽车上的制动系统制动力大小难以控制，蓄电池反复充放电，寿命低。本发明装置中每个车轮内部都集成有轮毂电机、电机控制器、行星减速器和磁粉制动器；每个轮毂电机由一个电机控制器控制；轮毂电机经行星减速器连接磁粉制动器，磁粉制动器输出轴与轮毂采用螺栓连接；齿圈与减速器外壳构成转动副，并与减速器外壳通过多个电磁执行器连接；电磁执行器通过控制齿圈来轮毂电机与车轮之间动力传输的通断。本发明方法包括制动力分配过程和能量回收利用过程。本发明有效分配回馈制动力与非回馈制动力；回馈制动力优先供车载电器使用；汽车紧急制动时，齿圈空转，保护电机。
id-US10870355B2    abstract-This motor driving control apparatus has (A) an inverter unit configured to drive a motor; (B) a separation switch configured to separate a power source from the inverter unit; and (C) a controller configured to instruct the separation switch to separate the power source from the inverter unit and control the inverter unit to perform switching according to a speed and a braking target torque, upon detecting an event that braking should be performed without passing a regenerative current to the power source from the inverter unit. By introducing the separation switch that operates as described above, it becomes possible to perform control so as to consume the power by the motor itself without passing the regenerative current to the power source such as a battery.
id-JP6889018B2    abstract-
id-EP3246194A1    abstract-Un système de climatisation pour un véhicule de transport électrique alimenté par un réseau d'alimentation électrique (2) comporte au moins un actionneur de production de chaleur ou de froid (3), et des moyens de régulation (6) configurés pour générer au moins une commande de fonctionnement (6c) appliquée audit moins un actionneur (3) en fonction de valeurs de paramètres représentatifs des conditions climatiques (6a), l'actionneur délivrant une puissance moyenne sur un intervalle de temps prédéterminé (I).  Les moyens de régulation sont configurés pour générer au moins une commande de fonctionnement (6c) appliquée à au moins un actionneur (3) en fonction en outre de la valeur d'un paramètre (6b) relatif à au moins un véhicule de transport électrique alimenté par le réseau d'alimentation électrique (2), la valeur du paramètre (6b) indiquant que de l'énergie électrique est consommée par ledit au moins un véhicule de transport électrique ou que de l'énergie électrique est produite par ledit au moins un véhicule électrique.
id-DE102016208893A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Kraftfahrzeugbordnetz (100, 200, 300, 400), das eine elektrische Maschine (EM), die an einen aktiven Stromrichter (10) mit einem positiven und einem negativen Gleichspannungsanschluss (B+, B–) angebunden ist, einen ersten Energiespeicher (B1) mit einem positiven und einem negativen Spannungsanschluss, einen zweiten Energiespeicher (B2) mit einem positiven und einem negativen Spannungsanschluss sowie einen Gleichspannungswandler (DC/DC) mit einem ersten und einem zweiten Anschluss aufweist, wobei ferner Schaltmittel (S1–S4, 20) vorgesehen sind, die dafür eingerichtet sind, einen ersten Schaltzustand, in dem der erste Energiespeicher (B1) und der zweiten Energiespeicher (B2) in Parallelschaltung an die Gleichspannungsanschlüsse (B+, B–) des Stromrichters (10) angebunden sind, und einen zweiten Schaltzustand, in dem der erste Energiespeicher (B1) und der zweite Energiespeicher (B2) in Reihenschaltung an die Gleichspannungsanschlüsse (B+, B–) des Stromrichters angebunden sind, einzustellen, wobei der Gleichspannungswandler (DC/DC) in dem ersten und dem zweiten Schaltzustand zwischen dem positiven Spannungsanschluss des ersten Energiespeichers und dem positiven Spannungsanschluss des zweiten Energiespeichers dauerhaft eingebunden oder temporär einbindbar ist. Mittel zur Implementierung des Verfahrens sind ebenfalls Gegenstände der vorliegenden Erfindungen.
id-KR20170128650A    abstract-본 발명은 전동 킥보드의 주행 중 브레이킹을 할 때 모터에서 발생되는 회생제동 전력을 통해 배터리를 충전하며, 회생충전 스위치를 통해 임의로 주행중에 모터에서 발생되는 회생전력을 통해 배터리에 충전하는 전동 킥보드의 회생전력을 이용한 충전장치에 관한 것으로서, 전원을 통해 본체의 바퀴를 회전시키는 모터; 상기 모터와 연결되어 모터의 속도, 모터의 동작 및 회생전력을 통한 배터리 충전을 제어하는 컨트롤러; 상기 컨트롤러와 연결되어 모터의 속도, 모터의 작동, 회생전력을 통한 충전 및 브레이킹을 조절하는 스위치부; 상기 컨트롤러, 모터, 배터리에 연결되는 레귤레이터 및 컨버터 간에 연결되어 전력의 흐름을 스위칭 하는 릴레이 스위치 및 상기 모터에서 발생되는 회생전력을 배터리 전압으로 맞도록 변환하며, 컨트롤러와 릴레이 스위치 간에 연결되는 컨버터를 포함하여, 상기 스위치부를 통해 상기 컨트롤러와 연결되는 릴레이 스위치를 작동시켜 주행 중에도 상기 모터에서 발생되는 회생전력을 임의로 배터리에 충전하도록 하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-CN105774566A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于纯电动汽车制动能量回馈控制方法，该方法进行制动能量回馈控制首先判断是否有车速，若没有车速则回馈控制结束，若有车速则继续判断SOC是否在20%‑80%之间，若不在范围内则回馈控制结束，若在范围内则对采集的刹车、档位和油门信号进行判断；当在档位是N档、档位不是N档刹车信号大于零或者油门信号为零这三种情况下计算制动力矩Te_calc,然后通过电机发电外特性，温度MAP和电压MAP得到最终的制动力矩给定值Te_out，若不在三种情况内，则回馈控制结束。通过周期性判断上面的条件,计算制动力矩，让电机能量回馈到电池中，实现纯电动车的制动能量控制，提高纯电动车的电池使用效率，增加续航里程。
id-US20200324844A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a personal transporter. The transporter includes a support for supporting a driver. Three or more ground engaging devices are provided for engaging the ground during transport. An electric drive is provided for driving at least one of the ground engaging devices to propel the transporter. A handle bar is provided for enabling the driver to control at least one of the ground engaging devices to steer the transporter. Advantageously, three or more ground engaging devices provide improved stability and may carry greater loads when compared with the two wheels of a Segway.
id-CN105835695A    abstract-本发明公开了单、双盘离合器组合式双电机混合动力总成，其发动机、弹性减震连接器、单盘离合器、第一电机、双盘离合器、第二电机通过同轴依次连接；第二电机输出轴与驱动桥总成连接；整车控制器分别与第一储能电源、第一电机控制器、第二电机控制器连接，第二储能电源分别与第一电机控制器、第二电机控制器连接；第一电机控制器还分别与第一电机、第二储能电源连接；第二电机控制器还与第二电机连接。单盘离合器、双盘离合器具有无动力间断切换、响应迅速、结构体积小、可靠性高、能耗小、传动效率高、维护成本低等优点；本发明具有多种传动、驱动方式，有效提高新能源汽车动力传递效率、优化了能量管理和匹配，提高了整机性能。
id-CN105835684A    abstract-本发明公开了适用于新能源汽车的单盘离合器双电机混合动力总成，其发动机、弹性减震连接器、第一电机、单盘离合器、第二电机通过同轴依次连接；第二电机输出轴与驱动桥总成连接；储能电源分别与第一电机控制器、第二电机控制器、整车控制器电性连接；第一电机控制器还分别与整车控制器、第一电机电性连接；第二电机控制器还分别与整车控制器、第二电机电性连接。本发明的单盘离合器对电机及发动机无轴向力产生、离合迅速、可长时间滑摩结合、损耗小、轴向尺寸小、传递转矩功率大、具有过载保护、速比可调、成本低。能量输出可在发动机、储能电源之间根据工况随意切换，并实现回收利用，使整机能量管理匹配更合理，节能环保性能更好。
id-CN105882870A    abstract-一种高效制动的混合动力太阳能自行车，属于自行车节能技术领域，本发明为解决现有自行车骑行时人体的能量消耗和刹车的安全性的问题。本发明包括前太阳能电池板、前支架、后太阳能电池板、后支架、制动发电装置、电磁制动装置、电磁驱动装置、开关、导线和叶轮；太阳能电池板通过支架固定在自行车车架上；制动发电装置安装于自行车前轴的前轴孔处；电磁制动装置安装在自行车后轴与后轴花鼓中间；开关安装在车把下方，通过导线控制电磁制动装置；电磁驱动装置安装在自行车的后轮车条上；叶轮中心套筒通过连接件安装在自行车前轴上，叶轮中心套筒外侧均布六个插槽，六个叶片通过插槽安装在叶轮中心套筒上。本发明用于自行车节能技术。
id-CN105904970A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车制动能量回收系统，包括刹车踏板、刹车踏板开关、车轮、充电离合器、飞轮、发电机、回收充电稳压器和车载储存电池，刹车踏板通过刹车踏板开关连接或断开充电离合器，充电离合器设于车轮与飞轮之间，车轮上设有连接充电离合器的齿轮，充电离合器连接飞轮，飞轮连接发电机，发电机通过回收充电稳压器连接车载储存电池，充电离合器设于靠近车轮的底盘上，充电离合器、飞轮和发电机依次向内设于底盘上；以及该系统实现汽车制动能量回收的方法；本发明结构简单、设计合理、制动能量回收效率高、延长了车载储存电池续航里程，同时降低了车辆制动系统磨损，因而降低汽车的使用成本并且减小制动噪声、改善车辆制动安全性等作用。
id-KR101829878B1    abstract-본 발명은 병렬 듀얼 컨버터의 운전 제어 방법에 관한 것으로서, 전차선에 병렬로 연결되어 상기 전차선의 가선전압을 교류 모선으로 환류시키는 회생 모드 상태와 상기 가선전압을 전동차의 기동 전력으로 사용하는 소비 모드 상태와 턴 오프 상태 중 어느 하나의 운전 상태로 동작하는 제1 듀얼 컨버터 및 제2 듀얼 컨버터의 운전 제어 방법에 있어서, 상기 가선전압에 기초하여 상기 제1 듀얼 컨버터 및 상기 제2 듀얼 컨버터를 통해 흐르는 부하전류를 검지하는 단계와, 상기 부하전류의 크기에 기초하여 상기 제1 듀얼 컨버터 및 상기 제2 듀얼 컨버터 각각의 운전 상태를 제어하는 단계를 포함하며, 상기 제어하는 단계는, 상기 제1 듀얼 컨버터 및 상기 제2 듀얼 컨버터가 상기 회생 모드 상태와 상기 소비 모드 상태 중 어느 하나에 해당하는 제1 운전 상태로 동일하게 동작할 때, 상기 부하전류에 기초하여 상기 제1 듀얼 컨버터와 상기 제2 듀얼 컨버터 중 어느 하나의 듀얼 컨버터를 상기 턴 오프 상태를 거쳐 상기 회생 모드 상태와 상기 소비 모드 상태 중 상기 제1 운전 상태를 제외한 나머지 하나에 해당하는 제2 운전 상태로 변경하되, 나머지 하나의 듀얼 컨버터는 상기 어느 하나의 듀얼 컨버터가 상기 턴 오프 상태인 구간에서 상기 제1 운전 상태를 유지하도록 제어하는 것을 특징으로 한다. 이에 따라, 회생 모드 또는 소비 모드로 동작하는 병렬 듀얼 컨버터의 모드 전환이 동시에 이루어지지 않도록 제어하여 전차선 가선전압의 전압 변동을 최소화함으로써, 상기 가선전압이 기설정된 기준전압을 신속하게 추종할 수 있어 안정적인 운전이 가능한 효과가 있다.
id-US20160264152A1    abstract-A locomotive assembly is provided. The locomotive assembly includes a locomotive having a power source configured to generate mechanical power. The locomotive also includes a generator configured to generate electrical power. The locomotive further includes an electric motor configured to provide motive power to the locomotive. The locomotive assembly also includes an auxiliary vehicle haying a power receiving device configured to receive electrical power from an external power grid. The auxiliary vehicle also includes a transformer and a circuit breaker. The circuit breaker and the transformer are configured to control the electrical power received by the power receiving device. The auxiliary vehicle further includes a cooling system configured to control a temperature of the transformer. The transformer is further electrically coupled to the electric motor of the locomotive to selectively provide electrical power to the locomotive.
id-CN105799521A    abstract-本发明公开了一种纯电动摩托车的能量回收和辅助制动系统，包括三相永磁无刷电机、三相永磁无刷电机控制器、刹把断电开关、刹把位置霍尔传感器、整流电路、充电控制电路及电池组，三相永磁无刷电机、整流电路及充电控制电路顺次连接，刹把位置霍尔传感器和电池组均与充电控制电路连接。三相永磁无刷电机控制器包括三相永磁无刷电机驱动电路及与充电控制电路连接的刹车断电控制电路，刹把断电开关一端连接在充电控制电路与刹车断电控制电路之间的线路上，其另一端与电池组负极连接。本发明应用时能实现纯电动摩托车的动能回收和辅助制动，减少了刹车片摩擦的频次，降低长时间连续制动时刹车片过热失效的风险，并能提高行驶安全性。
id-CN105835685A    abstract-本发明公开了双单盘离合器双电机混合动力总成，其发动机、弹性减震连接器、前单盘离合器、第一电机、后单盘离合器、第二电机同轴依次连接；第二电机通过万向轴与驱动桥总成连接。整车控制器分别与第一储能电源、第二储能电源、第一电机控制器、第二电机控制器连接；第一电机控制器还分别与第一电机、第一储能电源、第二储能电源连接；第二电机控制器还分别与第二电机、第二储能电源连接。本发明单盘离合器对其他部件无轴向力、离合迅速、可长时间滑摩结合、损耗小、轴向尺寸小、传递转矩功率大、具有过载保护、速比可调、成本低等优点。使整机能量可在发动机、储能电源之间切换，匹配更合理，并实现回收利用；有效提高整机性能。
id-CN105904971A    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于并联混合动力汽车的高压泄荷装置，包括互锁开关、泄荷开关、泄荷电阻、若干放电电阻以及一一对应的若干投切开关、电压采集模块、电流采集模块、主控模块、开关驱动模块和通信模块。通过上述方式，本发明用于并联混合动力汽车的高压泄荷装置在并联混合动力汽车的电池电量达到上限后无法再充电时，为制动回馈电流提供泄荷的通路，继续提供能量回馈的制动力矩，减少摩擦制动盘的磨损，提高其使用寿命，并确保整车制动性能不受影响，拓展了并联混合动力汽车在山区路况的使用范围，在用于并联混合动力汽车的高压泄荷装置的普及上有着广泛的市场前景。
id-CN106004464A    abstract-一种提高赛车动力性的太阳能动力系统，包括车身顶板和侧板以及驾驶舱，其特征在于：车身顶板和侧板布置多晶硅光伏电池板阵列，驾驶舱表面铺设太阳能薄膜电池，顶板和侧板的每一块光伏电池板阵列均设有角度可调随动机构，随动机构各由一台电机驱动，随动机构依据太阳光入射角度来调整光伏电池板，使光伏电池板尽量与太阳入射光线垂直；本发明可以充分利用车身表面布置光伏器件；光伏电板调节装置可以有效提高光伏转换效率，从而提高赛车动力性；多元驱动回路及驱动策略可以提高太阳能赛车的实用性和动力学；轮毂电机结合制动能量回收技术可以提高能量的利用效率。
id-KR101786338B1    abstract-본 발명은 2개의 모터와 엔진을 듀얼 클러치 변속기(DCT)로 연결한 동력 전달 시스템을 구축하되, 각 주행 상황별 최적의 주행모드를 구현할 수 있도록 한 하이브리드 차량용 동력 전달 시스템에 관한 것이다. 이를 위해, 본 발명은 엔진; 상기 엔진의 출력축과 연결되는 DCT; 상기 DCT의 제1DCT 축 또는 제2DCT 축에 동력 전달 가능하게 연결되는 제1모터; 및 주행 휠과 연결되는 상기 DCT의 출력축에 동력 전달 가능하게 연결되는 제2모터; 를 포함하되, 상기 DCT는: 엔진의 출력축과 연결되는 제1클러치 및 제2클러치; 제1클러치와 연결되는 제1DCT 축 및 제2클러치와 연결되는 제2DCT 축; 제1DCT 축에 장착된 제1싱크로나이저와 결합되거나 제2DCT 축에 장착된 제2싱크로나이저와 결합되어, 주행 휠로 동력을 출력하는 DCT 출력축; 으로 구성된 것을 특징으로 하는 하이브리드 차량용 동력 전달 시스템을 제공한다.
id-US9793833B1    abstract-The invention disclosed herein is an energy recovery system, for an electric motor, that uses the properties of dynamic braking to directly recharge a capacitive load made up of energy storage devices. The system contains switching circuitry that configures the energy storage devices into a capacitive load when braking is needed. Otherwise, the system configures the energy storage devices into a power supply for regular motor operation.
id-US20170327002A1    abstract-A vehicle with electric drive can employ a pulse width modulation technique to govern the amount of drive power provided to the vehicles wheels while also governing the charging power supplied to the storage device. For example, an electric motor, generator, and a drive shaft can all be linked such that when one spins, they all spin. The disclosed technique provides for rapidly switching from powering a wheel to charging the battery. In fact, the switching can be done rapidly enough that the battery can be charged between every pulse provided to the motor. This rapid switching provides for advanced capabilities in energy harvesting and vehicle weight distribution.
id-DE102016005426A1    abstract-Vorrichtung zur Speicherung und Bereitstellung von elektrischer Energie für ein Elektrofahrzeug, insbesondere ein Gabelstapler, umfassend Batterien, umfassend mehrere Batteriemodule, insbesondere Lithium-Ionenbatteriemodule, wobei ein Bremschopper integriert ist.
id-DE102016208455A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Betrieb eines Bordnetzes eines Fahrzeugs beschrieben. Das Verfahren umfasst, für eine Ladephase des Energiespeichers, während der ein Generator elektrische Energie zum Laden eines Energiespeichers generiert, das Vorgeben eines ersten Spannungswertes einer Soll-Generatorspannung für den Generator. Das Verfahren umfasst weiter, für einen Übergang von der Ladephase in eine Stromregelphase, in der ein Speicherstrom des Energiespeichers auf einen Soll-Stromwert geregelt wird, das Vorgeben eines zweiten Spannungswertes der Soll-Generatorspannung für den Generator. Außerdem umfasst das Verfahren, bei Vorliegen einer Bedingung für den Beginn der Stromregelphase, das Anpassen des Spannungswertes der Soll-Generatorspannung durch eine Speicherstrom-Regelung zur Regelung des Speicherstroms auf den Soll-Stromwert.
id-KR101836891B1    abstract-본 발명은 버스, 트럭 등의 상용차에 설치되어 실제 주행 구간에서 리타더를 제어하고 이에 대한 실시간 작동 상황을 계측함으로써 리타더의 상품성 및 효과를 분석할 수 있도록 한 전자기식 및 회생식 리타더의 실차 평가 계측 및 제어장치에 관한 것으로, 리타더 시스템을 구성하는 계측장치와 제어장치를 포함하며, 차량의 CAN 통신을 측정할 수 있는 CAN 통신부; 차량의 라이닝 및 리타더 회전체의 온도를 측정하는 온도 센싱부; 차량에 설치된 리타더의 스위치 신호를 측정하는 IG 스위치와, 차량에 설치된 풋 브레이크의 동작 상태를 측정하는 풋 브레이크 스위치와, 배기 브레이크의 동작 상태를 측정하는 풋 브레이크 스위치가 각각 접속되는 신호 입력부; 차량에 장착된 배터리의 충/방전 전류를 측정하는 전류 센싱부; 를 포함할 수 있다. 상기 CAN 통신부에 접속되는 CAN 통신모듈; 온도 센싱부에 접속되는 온도센서; 신호 입력부에 접속되는IG 스위치; 전류 센싱부에 접속되는 전류센서; 를 포함할 수 있다.
id-CN108778825A    abstract-本发明提供一种能够以与情况对应的更适当的转矩值来驱动马达的电动车辆。电动车辆具备：电动机，其对车轮进行驱动；以及控制部，其基于包含用于使电动机以规定的转矩驱动的指示转矩值的转矩指示，来控制电动机，其中，控制部具有转矩值控制部，该转矩值控制部基于指示转矩值和电动机的实际旋转速度的相关值来决定规定系数，并对电动机输出包含指示转矩值乘以规定系数得到的适当转矩值的转矩驱动指示。
id-JP6344429B2    abstract-
id-US10744868B2    abstract-A hybrid driveline assembly for a vehicle includes an engine, an electric motor, and a transmission having an input and an output. The transmission input is selectively coupled to the engine and electric motor. The transmission is shiftable between a plurality of drive modes. The driveline assembly further includes a final drive assembly operably coupled to the transmission output. The final drive assembly has a front final drive operably coupled to a rear final drive.
id-CN107465345B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电子驱动电路，包括能量储存装置和耦连至能量储存装置的第一桥接电路。第一桥接电路包括至少一个具有两个开关的臂。电子驱动电路还包括变压器。变压器包括耦连至第一桥接电路的第一绕组以及通过中心抽头耦连至能量储存装置的第二绕组。电子驱动电路还包括耦连至变压器的第二绕组的第二桥接电路。第二桥接电路包括一对开关，开关能够操作以在双方向导通以及在双方向阻止电压。电子驱动电路另外包括耦连至第二桥接电路的DC母线以及控制器，控制器被配置成将来自能量储存装置的DC电压降低或升高，以供应至DC母线；以及将来自DC母线的DC电压降低或升高，以供应至能量储存装置。
id-CN107472076B    abstract-本申请公开了一种车辆的扭矩控制方法、装置及车辆。该方法包括：将起步阶段中，电机转速从零开始升高，再重新降为零时对应的电机扭矩作为第一阈值；在车辆的能量回收阶段与驱动阶段进行相互切换阶段，当整车需求扭矩达到第一阈值时，减缓整车需求扭矩的变化率。本申请实施例的方法可以有效改善扭矩在花键与齿轮啮合时产生突变造成的冲击，提高了车辆的驾驶性与稳定性，更好地保证车辆的可靠性和安全性，简单有效。
id-EP3463963B1    abstract-
id-CN105857088A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车及其制动能量回收方法、系统，所述方法包括以下步骤：在电动汽车处于制动状态时，获取电动汽车的制动踏板开度信号，并获取电动汽车的当前车速；根据制动踏板开度信号和当前车速获取电动汽车的第一回收扭矩值；获取电动汽车的当前最大允许回收扭矩值，并将第一回收扭矩值和当前最大允许回收扭矩值中的较小值作为电动汽车的第二回收扭矩值；以及根据第二回收扭矩值对电动汽车进行制动能量回收。该方法根据制动踏板开度信号和当前车速获取电动汽车的回收扭矩值，不仅可以改善驾驶舒适性，而且可以提高车辆的经济性、制动性以及安全性等。
id-EP3471263A4    abstract-
id-EP3257351B1    abstract-
id-CN107512179A    abstract-本发明公开了一种动力电池系统以及用于该系统的控制方法，该系统包括主回路、加热回路和电池系统控制器；主回路，其包括动力电池；加热回路，其包括加热单元、回馈电机和至少一个通断控制装置，所述回馈电机通过所述加热回路对所述加热单元进行加热；以及电池系统控制器，其控制所述加热回路的通断。
id-DE102017112654A1    abstract-Ein Spannungssteuersystem (10) umfasst: einen Wandler-Steuerungsabschnitt (53); einen Stromwert-Erfassungsabschnitt (51); und einen Spannungswert-Erfassungsabschnitt (52). Der Wandler-Steuerungsabschnitt (53) stellt ein Tastverhältnis (D) in einem aktuellen Zyklus durch Addieren eines Additionsterms (ΔD) zu einem Vorsteuerungsterms (FF) ein, wobei der Additionsterm (ΔD) unter Verwendung einer Stromabweichung (ΔI), die eine Differenz zwischen einem Sollwert (It) eines Ausgangsstroms im aktuellen Zyklus und einem Strommesswert (I) in einem vorangegangenen Zyklus ist, und dem Tastverhältnis (Dp) im vorangegangenen Zyklus bestimmt wird, wobei der Additionsterm (ΔD) einer Erhöhung des Ausgangsstroms im aktuellen Zyklus entspricht.
id-US20170354088A1    abstract-An apparatus for controlling operation of a walk-behind electric lawn mower equipped with an electric motor, a blade cutter connected to the electric motor and a rechargeable battery mounted connected to the electric motor and a motor driver circuit. In the apparatus, when an instruction to stop the electric motor is inputted, the operation of the motor driver circuit is controlled to output regenerative electric current from three-phase coils of the electric motor. At that time, it is determined whether a rotational speed of the electric motor is equal to or less than a switching rotational speed and when it is, the motor driver circuit is controlled to switch from the regenerative braking to short-circuit braking that short-circuits the three-phase coils of the electric motor.
id-CN106004518B    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于车联网的电动汽车能量管理预测控制方法，属于电动汽车领域，根据车联网系统规划的道路信息，历史能量管理记录系统对其进行分类处理，之后根据能量管理记录系统进行电动汽车的能量管理预测；与此同时，根据车联网提供的信息、加速/制动信号以及超级电容与动力电池的状态信号，进行电动汽车的能量管理预测，将上述两种能量管理预测的方法进行比较，选取能量管理预测更优的方法进行电动汽车的能量管理。本发明能够提高电动汽车一次充电行驶里程，更好对超级电容与蓄电池进行功率分配，保护蓄电池，延长蓄电池使用寿命。
id-CN107472050A    abstract-一种运行机动车的方法，所述机动车至少有时仅被电动机驱动，具有带有高压电池的高压电网，电动机连接在高压电网上，高压电池应在工作温度范围内运行，为此高压电池配备有使用循环的冷却介质的、具有用于冷却介质的加热装置和用于冷却介质的冷却装置的温度控制装置，其中在满足功率需求不足标准时——这说明了为了电动机再生制动机动车所需的制动功率超过当前在高压电网中用于给高压电池充电所能需要的和/或由其它耗电器所需的需求功率，则以下述方式来操控用于高压电池的温度控制装置的加热装置和冷却装置：使得加热装置和冷却装置都被运行，加热装置和冷却装置至少需要在制动功率和需求功率之间的差并且使高压电池的温度保持在工作温度范围之内。
id-US9845124B1    abstract-The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer is a supplemental electrical system adapted for use with the trailer of a tractor-trailer. The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer is designed to: 1) assist in the acceleration of the trailer; 2) use braking energy to generate and store electricity; 3) supplement the stored energy with a renewable source; and, 4) distribute excess energy to the trailer electrical system. In one potential embodiment of the disclosure, the solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer provides for tapping into the stored electrical energy for external use. The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells, one or more axle assist devices, an electricity storage device, and a distribution system.
id-CN105857087B    abstract-本发明涉及一种基于AMT的HEV/EV再生制动过程中降挡协调控制方法及机电系统，其中TCU的越权请求得到VCU允许后，TCU将机械制动系统的期望制动力设置为驾驶员的期望制动力发给BCU，获得BCU控制的机械制动系统实际提供的制动力，计算驱动电机的期望制动力，并根据驱动电机的期望制动力通知MCU调节驱动电机制动力；监测到驱动电机制动力低于设定阈值时控制AMT进行摘挡；获知摘挡后控制AMT选挡，并采集目标挡位齿轮的转速，通过MCU控制驱动电机的输出转速；获知到AMT选挡结束且驱动电机的输出转速与目标挡位齿轮的转速差值小于转速差值阈值后，控制AMT进挡换到目标档位。本发明可保证再生制动过程中的制动安全和制动效能。
id-CN107351696A    abstract-一种电动车能量回收系统是通过将电动车在行驶过程中必须承受的风阻集中收集，通过风电转换补充给车载蓄电池和超级电容，将车辆在行驶过程中的颠簸震动时向路面的冲压动能通过震动电机取代阻尼，做震电转换补充给车载蓄电池和超级电容。
id-CN105922987B    abstract-本发明涉及一种HEV/EV再生制动过程中的降挡策略及机电系统，其中确定车速为零或制动踏板开度为零不成立，及电池荷电状态小于电池荷电上限阈值时，根据制动踏板开度得期望制动强度；期望制动强度小于制动强度阈值或当前挡位为1挡不成立时，算当前挡位下驱动电机提供的最大制动力；并根据最大制动力及需求制动力中的较小值，确定驱动电机输出转矩；根据该转矩算当前挡位下电池荷电状态的增加速率；取当前挡位及比其低的挡位对应的电池荷电状态的增加速率中的最大值，与当前挡位的电池荷电状态的增加速率作比较；若前者小，将挡位换到最大值对应的挡位。本发明能提高汽车再加速能力及再生制动回收的能量，从而提升汽车动力性和燃油经济性。
id-CN106004461A    abstract-本发明提供一种后驱电动货车的再生制动控制方法，在制动初期，采用最大的电机制动力矩进行能量回收制动，在电机转速达到第一转速时，逐渐减小电机制动力矩，在电机转速达到第二转速时，撤掉电机制动力。本发明的优点在于，兼容不同的制动模式，适用雨天以及路面湿滑等路况，驾驶员还可根据路面实时工况，选择适合当前路况的电机制动力；电机制动力矩平滑的变化，不会出现时有时无的情况，充分考虑驾驶员驾驶习惯。
id-DE102016211164A1    abstract-Es wird ein Kraftfahrzeugbordnetz (100), das eine motorisch und generatorisch betreibbare elektrische Maschine (EM), einen aktiven Stromrichter (110) mit Gleichspannungsanschlüssen (B+, B–), einen ersten Energiespeicher (B1) und einen zweiten Energiespeicher (B2) aufweist, vorgeschlagen. Es sind Mittel (S1–S4, 120) vorgesehen, die dafür eingerichtet sind, sämtliche der nachfolgend angegebenen Schaltzustände a) bis c) alternativ zueinander einzustellen: a) entweder nur der erste Energiespeicher (B1) oder nur der zweite Energiespeicher (B2) ist an die Gleichspannungsanschlüsse (B+, B–) des aktiven Stromrichters (110) angebunden; b) der erste Energiespeicher (B1) und der zweite Energiespeicher (B2) sind in Parallelschaltung an die Gleichspannungsanschlüsse (B+, B–) des aktiven Stromrichters (110) angebunden; c) der erste Energiespeicher (B1) und der zweite Energiespeicher (B2) sind in Reihenschaltung an die Gleichspannungsanschlüsse (B+, B–) des aktiven Stromrichters (110) angebunden. Mit dem ersten Energiespeicher (B1) ist ein erstes kapazitives Element (Cz1) und mit dem zweiten Energiespeicher (B2) ein zweites kapazitives Element (Cz2) dauerhaft parallel verbunden. Ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines entsprechenden Kraftfahrzeugbordnetzes und Mittel zu dessen Implementierung sind ebenfalls Gegenstand der Erfindung.
id-DE102017111774A1    abstract-Ein Brennstoffzellensystem hat einen Antriebsmotor (17), eine Brennstoffzelle (14), eine Hilfsmaschine (18), eine Sekundärbatterie (12), einen Temperatursensor (T), einen Stromsensor (IB) und einen Steuerabschnitt (11). Der Steuerabschnitt (11) steuert die Sekundärbatterie (12) zum Entladen, indem der Antriebsmotor (17) oder die Hilfsmaschine (18) angetrieben werden, und zum Laden durch Stromerzeugung durch die Brennstoffzelle (14) oder Regeneration durch den Antriebsmotor (17), wenn eine vom Temperatursensor (T) gemessene Temperatur niedriger ist, als ein bestimmter Wert.
id-KR20180003654A    abstract-본 발명은 사다리차가 상용전원이나, PTO를 통한 발전전력, 또는 운반카 하강시 발생하는 회생전력을 ESS에 충전한 후 이로써 유압을 발생시켜 유압라인의 액튜에이터들을 구동하도록 함으로써, 차량엔진의 공회전을 줄여 불필요한 연료소비와 배출가스 및 소음을 줄일 수 있도록 하는 하이브리드 사다리차의 충전장치 및 제어방법에 관한 것이다. 이를 구현하기 위한 본 발명은, 동력인출장치에 연결되어 차량 주행시 발전하는 발전기; 상용전원에 연결되어 충전할 전원을 공급받는 상용전원공급부; 상기 상용전원공급부에서 출력되는 교류전원을 직류전원으로 변환하는 충전기; 상기 발전기와 상기 충전기에서 공급되는 직류전원을 저장하는 ESS; 상기 ESS에서 출력되는 직류전원을 교류전원으로 변환하는 인버터; 상기 인버터에서 공급되는 교류전원으로 회전력을 발생시키는 전동기; 상기 전동기의 회전력으로 유압을 발생시켜 상기 메인 컨트롤밸브로 공급하는 보조 유압펌프;를 포함하여 이루어진 것을 특징으로 하는 하이브리드 사다리차의 충전장치.
id-CN106043266A    abstract-本发明涉及车辆技术领域，尤其涉及一种电动车辆的制动系统，通过于从动轮的制动系统的制动液管道中设置用于检测从动轮制动系统的液压压力变化数据，并将该数据传递给控制器的液压压力传感器，从而使得控制器可以根据从动轮制动压力变化控制电机给驱动轮实施相应的电子制动力，进而实现从动轮和驱动轮联动制动的效果。因为电子制动的力度完全由控制器以电子方式控制，因此制动力分配可以随意设定，并能做到非线性变化，或者根据车速等参数自动调整；且由于制动系统新增部件只有一个传感器，原车体改动小，易实施，且联动分配比例可由程序控制，可设置调整，实现智能分配，并具有结构简单、布置方便、低成本以及工作可靠等优点。
id-CN105946590A    abstract-本发明公开了一种全轮独立驱动有感无刷电动车制动的装置及方法，该装置包括惯性传感器、制动控制系统、每个驱动轮的有感无刷电机及电机驱动器和电池；所述的惯性传感器与车体刚性连接以获取整车惯性运动数据。每个所述电机驱动器均仅被所述制动控制系统驱动，所述的电机驱动器在驱动电机同时将获取电机转子的位置信息给予制动控制系统，制动控制系统根据制动要求、车体惯性数据和每个电机转子的运动数据，对每个电机确定具体的制动方式，由此获得更好的制动效果。
id-KR20170138838A    abstract-본 발명은 전기 버스의 노선 정보, 충전소의 위치 및 충전량을 서로 연동하되, 전기 버스의 노선 중 내리막길 노선이 포함된 경우에 회생 제동 에너지를 이용하여 전기 버스의 충전량을 감소시킬 수 있는 전기 버스 충전 시스템 및 방법을 제공한다.  본 발명의 일실시예에 따른 전기 버스 충전 시스템은 차량의 노선 정보를 제공하고, 차량이 충전소로부터 출발 후에 내리막길이 있는지 여부를 판단하여 차량을 충전하는 충전기 및 상기 충전기로부터 수신된 차량의 노선 정보에 따라 차량의 최대 충전량을 결정하는 차량의 배터리 제어기를 포함한다.
id-CN105946624A    abstract-本发明涉及电动车驱动技术领域，具体涉及一种电动车双驱动装置，通过速度反馈线，可以将驱动电机速度反馈到控制器，然后控制器，将信息反馈到加速器，由于加速器和控制器之间具有可逆性，所以将信息再次作用到控制器，经过控制器分析之后将信息作用在功率变换器上，然后实现驱动电机与控制器的可逆性，从而调节电动车速度，实现了电动车的灵活性、稳定性和舒适性；本发明通过速度反馈线，可以将驱动电机速度反馈到控制器，然后控制器将信息反馈到加速器，由于加速器和控制器之间具有可逆性，所以将信息再次作用到控制器，经过控制器分析之后将信息作用在功率变换器上，然后实现驱动电机与控制器的可逆性，从而调节电动车速度。
id-CN105932758A    abstract-一种电动车行车充电电路，包括蓄电池和应急起动电池，所述的应急起动电池通过转换控制电路与蓄电池并联；所述的应急起动电池通过控制电路Ⅰ与汽车制动装置连接，应急起动电池通过控制电路Ⅱ与汽车充电系统连接；所述的控制电路Ⅰ包括发电机Ⅰ、主输出线Ⅰ、制动充电线路、应急电池电压检测线和充电指示灯线路Ⅰ；所述的发电机Ⅰ安装在汽车变速器输出轴上；所述的控制电路Ⅱ包括发电机Ⅱ、主输出线Ⅱ、点火电源线、蓄电池电压检测线、充电指示灯线路Ⅱ和行车充电线路。本发明提供了一种电动车行车充电电路，设计了制动、行车两套充电电路，能够在充电的同时辅助制动。
id-CN106004460A    abstract-本发明涉及一种五轮汽车制动系统，制动踏板分两级制动动作，所述的一级制动动作是断电并保持主舵轮惯性减速运转发电回馈给可充电电池组，所述的二级制动动作是继续断电并同时起动四个从动轮直接电助力制动车辆，优点是既节约能源，又充分发挥五轮特色。
id-FR3052740A1    abstract-Système d'assistance électrique, pour cycle comportant une roue motrice et un pédalier sans liaison mécanique avec la roue motrice, le système d'assistance électrique comportant : - une génératrice (1) dont le rotor est entraîné par le pédalier, - une machine électrique (4) dont le rotor entraîne la roue motrice, et - une réserve de stockage d'énergie électrique constituée par un module (6) de supercondensateurs (13), relié à la génératrice (1) et à la machine électrique (4).
id-DE102016007260A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Kraftfahrzeugs (1), das wenigstens eine elektrische Maschine (4), einen ersten Energiespeicher (6) und einen zweiten Energiespeicher (7) aufweist, wobei die elektrische Maschine (4) elektrisch an den ersten Energiespeicher (6) angeschlossen ist und der zweite Energiespeicher (7) zur Bereitstellung von elektrischer Energie für ein Bordnetz (9) des Kraftfahrzeugs (1) vorgesehen ist. Dabei ist vorgesehen, dass die elektrische Maschine (4) zusätzlich über einen Spannungswandler (8) an den zweiten Energiespeicher (7) elektrisch direkt angeschlossen ist, und dass während eines Rekuperationsbetriebs des Kraftfahrzeugs (1) mittels der elektrischen Maschine (4) bereitgestellte elektrische Energie anhand eines bestimmten Verteilungsverhältnisses auf den ersten Energiespeicher (6) und den zweiten Energiespeicher (7) aufgeteilt wird, und/oder dass während eines Drehmomentbereitstellungsbetriebs die elektrische Maschine (4) mit elektrischer Energie betrieben wird, die entsprechend des bestimmten Verteilungsverhältnisses dem ersten Energiespeicher (6) und dem zweiten Energiespeicher (7) entnommen wird. Die Erfindung betrifft weiterhin ein Kraftfahrzeug (1).
id-DE102016211738A1    abstract-Gegenstand der Erfindung ist ein Kraftfahrzeug mit einem Bremslicht, mit einem Betriebsbremssystem zur Bewirkung einer automatischen Bremsung, mit einem Energierückgewinnungsverzögerungssystem zur Bewirkung einer rekuperativen Verzögerung, mit einer Steuereinrichtung, die derart eingerichtet und mit dem Bremslicht, dem Betriebsbremssystem und dem Energierückgewinnungsverzögerungssystem gekoppelt ist, dass das Bremslicht bei der Bewirkung einer Verzögerung in Abhängigkeit von der Verzögerung des Kraftfahrzeuges automatisch eingeschaltet wird.
id-US20180012425A1    abstract-A vehicle is provided that stores user information associated with a user in the vehicle and vehicle information associated with the vehicle (the vehicle information comprises a vehicle identification number of the vehicle, an electronic serial number associated with the vehicle, and/or an engine code of the vehicle), determines the user desires to interact with a third party, retrieves the user and vehicle information from the memory, combines the user information and the vehicle information into a first communication for the third party, and automatically sends the first communication to the third party for the user to authenticate the user to the third party.
id-CN107571860B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于运行电驱动的或能够电驱动的车辆的方法，车辆具有配属于车辆的电驱动马达的可再充电的电蓄能器，针对被设置作为下一行程而计算的、输入的或预测的路线，确定蓄能器的目标荷电状态和/或车辆的运行策略(S6)，通过目标荷电状态或运行策略能够在沿该路线出现减速过程时允许借助于再生减速实现可规定的最小份额，其中，对车辆连同必要时与车辆连接的挂车的与规定标准值有偏差的给定的总质量和/或车辆的与规定标准值有偏差的给定的空气阻力系数加以考虑。该方法可以包括对蓄能器向目标荷电状态的充电或放电过程(S1)和/或至少一个用于实现根据本发明的任务的合适的措施(S3、S4、S5)。本发明还涉及一种相应布置的车辆。
id-CN106218442B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车最高车速控制方法及整车控制器，涉及电动汽车整车控制领域，所述方法包括：电动汽车行驶期间，整车控制器对电动汽车的当前车速进行检测；当检测到电动汽车的当前车速处于次高速范围时，整车控制器根据所述驾驶员驾驶意图，按照电机修正外特性模式，确定电机目标扭矩；当检测到电动汽车的当前车速处于最高速范围时，整车控制器根据所述驾驶员驾驶意图，按照最高车速闭环控制模式，确定电机目标扭矩。本发明实施例能够保证车辆在相对高速区域内平顺行驶。
id-CN106043256B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车电液复合制动系统及其优化方法，其中，电动车电液复合制动系统包括电机再生制动力模块、液压制动力模块和复合制动力控制模块。电机再生制动力模块包括两个轮毂电机、制动踏板位置传感器、四个轮速传感器、车速传感器、超级电容、二象限DC‑DC变换器和第一ECU，液压制动力模块包括油泵电机、液压油泵和第二ECU。在汽车行驶过程中，通过检测车辆行驶的车速、轮速和制动踏板位置信号，复合制动力控制模块对电机再生制动力模块和液压制动力模块之间的分配比进行控制。同时通过对电液复合制动系统的多目标优化，以制动踏板感觉、电机回收能量为目标，在ECE法规下获得较高的能量回收率和合适的制动踏板感觉。
id-EP3266642B1    abstract-
id-US20180009329A1    abstract-A charging system and method for charging a battery of a vehicle is disclosed. The charging system includes a movable member, such as a wind-driven element. The charging system also includes means for exposing the wind-driven element during vehicle deceleration and for covering the wind-driven element during vehicle acceleration and coasting. The charging system further includes electrical power generating means operably associated with the wind-driven element and the battery such that the electrical power generating means provides electrical power for recharging the battery when the electrical power generating means receives mechanical power from the wind-driven element. Alternative embodiments can include a drop-wheel as a movable member.
id-JP2018018610A    abstract-【課題】昇温を行う燃料電池システムにおいて、セルが過度に乾燥することを抑制する。 【解決手段】燃料電池スタックと第１温度値を計測する第１温度計と発電電圧を計測する発電電圧計とセル電圧計と温度調整機構を制御して燃料電池スタックを昇温させる制御部、を備える燃料電池システム。制御部は、セル電圧が予め定められた電圧値未満である場合に燃料電池スタックの昇温を開始し、昇温の開始後第１温度値が第１基準温度に到達した後、複数の時間計測条件のうち少なくとも一つが満たされる場合に、セルの平均電圧からセル電圧を引いた差が予め定められた電圧差以下に維持された時間を計測し、計測された時間が第１基準時間を経過した場合に昇温を終了する。条件は、暖気運転、間欠運転、回生制動が終了、又は燃料電池スタックが発電可能な状態に移行してから、予め定められた時間が経過したという条件である。 【選択図】図４
id-CN107628022B    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于确定轻度混合动力电动车辆的电池性能的方法和装置，该方法可以包括：检测轻度混合动力电动车辆的速度、加速踏板的位置值、制动踏板的位置值和电池的充电状态(SOC)，确定是否满足再生制动条件，确定驾驶员需要的制动量，确定再生制动允许值，操作轻度混合动力起动机和发电机(MHSG)以产生对应于再生制动允许值的再生制动扭矩，确定目标充电状态增量，确定实际充电状态增量，并且当目标充电状态增量和实际充电状态增量之间的差值等于或大于参考值时，确定电池的性能为恶化。当电池的性能恶化或电池被低价电池(如铅酸电池)替代时，驾驶员可以通过警示灯或警示信息来识别是否有必要进行维护。
id-CN106004409A    abstract-本发明公开了一种模块化混合动力耦合装置，包括发动机、发电机与行星齿轮，所述发动机与发电机通过离合器直接连接后再与行星齿轮连接；两个行星齿轮系之间以离合器相连实现模块化，且能根据效率优先或动力性能优先的原则灵活选择隔离或是接合发动机、发电机子系统；通过三组离合器和两组制动器的控制使系统在任一台单电机驱动时都能实现两挡运行，在双电机共同驱动时或混合动力工况下都能实现电气无级变速(eCVT)工作模式运行。本发明可以将发动机和发电机的最高效率设计在同一工作点上，使发电效率和驱动效率最大化；不仅可以实现模块化，而且可以根据效率优先或动力性能优先的原则灵活选择隔离或是接合发动机、发电机子系统；使纯电动运行的效率和可靠性均得到进一步提升。
id-CN106160324A    abstract-本发明公开了包含发电机的电动自行车电力辅助补充装置及控制方法，包括电动自行车的车轮轮毂、中心轴、车轮两侧封盖，还包括内齿圈以及依次设置在中心轴上的被动变速齿轮及支架、主动转子磁钢盘、定子线圈、被动转子磁钢盘；电动自行车电力辅助补充装置，还包括由电路连通的电动机、超级电容、蓄电池、控制器。本发明结构简单，安装方便，发电机产生的电能通过超级电容实现快速储存和快速放电，延长铅酸蓄电池使用寿命，可提高电动自行车爬坡能力和续航能力，收集电动机行驶过程中产生的再生制动能量回收向蓄电池进行补充。
id-DE102016214171A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Vorrichtung zur Wechselspannungserzeugung in einem an ein Zugfahrzeug ankoppelbaren Anhänger, welcher wenigstens an zwei Rädern jeweils eine diesen zugeordnete elektrische Maschine aufweist, welche im Bremsfall des Anhängers im Generatorbetrieb elektrische Energie erzeugt, enthaltend – einen Akkumulator zur Aufnahme der von den elektrischen Maschinen erzeugten Energie und – einen Wechselrichter mittels dessen die in dem Akkumulator gespeicherte elektrische Energie in eine Wechselspannung gewandelt wird.
id-CN106183833A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动车制动能量回收率估算方法，其包括以下步骤：根据关闭制动能量回收功能条件下所采集的四个轮缸制动压力计算整车摩擦制动扭矩，根据开启制动能量回收功能条件下所采集的四个轮缸制动压力计算整车摩擦制动扭矩；利用估算的关闭制动能量回收功能条件下的整车摩擦制动扭矩估算无制动能量回收时由制动器耗散的制动能量；利用估算的关闭制动能量回收功能条件下的整车摩擦制动扭矩与开启制动能量回收功能条件下的整车摩擦制动扭矩的差值估算电机回收的制动能量；利用估算的电机回收的制动能量计算制动能量回收率。本发明利用轮缸制动压力信号估算回收的制动能量，避免了加装额外的高压测量设备，降低测试工作中高压安全隐患。
id-CN107623136B    abstract-本发明提供燃料电池系统，具备：燃料电池，使用反应气体来发电；电压传感器，测定燃料电池输出的电压；转换器，将从燃料电池输入的输入电压升压；及控制部，能够控制转换器，控制部在从间歇运转切换为通常运转之后使转换器将燃料电池输出的电压升压时，(a)在由算式I算出的占空比D1超过由算式II算出的占空比D2的情况下，使转换器利用占空比D2将燃料电池输出的电压升压， VH(V)：从转换器输出的输出电压的值Vltrg(V)：从燃料电池输出的电压的推定值 Vl(V)：由电压传感器得到的燃料电池的电压的测定值Vlmrg(V)：测定值V1的修正量Vhul(V)：在输出电压中预先设定的上限值(b)在占空比D1为占空比D2以下的情况下，使转换器利用占空比D1将燃料电池输出的电压升压。
id-US20190135135A1    abstract-Provided is an electric brake device that achieves improved responsiveness, cost reduction and also reduces the copper loss in an electric motor, thus reducing power consumption. The electric brake device includes a brake rotor ( 8 ), a friction member ( 9 ), a friction member actuator ( 6 ), an electric motor ( 4 ), a controller ( 2 ), a main power supply ( 3 ), and an auxiliary power supply ( 22 ). The auxiliary supply ( 22 ) is charged with regenerative power from the motor ( 4 ). The controller ( 2 ) includes a backflow power interruption ( 26 ) preventing the main supply ( 3 ) from being charged with the regenerative power from the motor ( 4 ), and an auxiliary power supply controller ( 24 ) causing the auxiliary supply ( 22 ) to supply running power to the motor ( 4 ) when powering the electric ( 4 ) is started in a state in which the regenerative power in the auxiliary supply ( 22 ) is greater than or equal to a set voltage.
id-DE102016009016A1    abstract-Aufgabe der vorliegenden Erfindung ist es einen Energiespeicher (12) aufzuzeigen, welcher eine erhöhte Lebensdauer aufweist. Die Erfindung betrifft einen Energiespeicher (12) für ein Kraftfahrzeug (10), welches zumindest teilweise elektrisch antreibbar ist, mit einer ersten Batterie (14), mit zumindest einer zweiten Batterie (16) und mit einem Gleichspannungswandler (18), mittels welchem eine zweite Spannung der zweiten Batterie (16) in eine erste Spannung der ersten Batterie (14) transformierbar ist, wobei der Energiespeicher (12) eine Steuerungseinrichtung (20) aufweist, mittels welcher eine Betriebsstrategie auf Basis eines Nutzungsprofils des Kraftfahrzeugs (10) für die erste und die zumindest zweite Batterie (14, 16) erzeugbar ist und die Batterien (14, 16) entsprechend der Betriebsstrategie betreibbar sind.
id-CN107662676B    abstract-一种发电机(1)，能连接至自行车轮(3)包括：能充当发电装置或电机的电机器(2)；连接至电机器(2)的一个或多个电池(4)以与电机器(2)交换能量；被配置为控制电机器的控制单元(6)；根据第一模式，电机器(2)充当发电装置并能将车轮的转动机械能转换为要存储在电池中的电能，第一模式还能由控制单元根据第一和第二重新获得能量水平配置，在相同自行车运动条件下根据第一水平重新获得的电力小于根据第二水平重新获得的电力；根据第二模式，电机器充当电机并能通过从电池取回能量向自行车轮递送额外动力；控制部件(7)，连接至控制单元并能由用户控制以在第一和第二运行模式间和/或在第一运行模式的第一和第二水平间选择。
id-CN107662606A    abstract-提供一种速度控制装置，其既能够降低追尾的风险，又能够使移动体减速。实施方式的速度控制装置具有：检测部，基于来自设置于移动体的检测装置的输入信息，检测移动体的前方的第一对象物和移动体的后方的第二对象物；减速控制部，基于评价函数执行为了不与由检测部检测出的第一对象物碰撞而使移动体减速的减速控制，该评价函数包括评价速度的第一项和评价加加速度的第二项，且能够调整第一项与第二项的加权之比；调整部，至少基于由检测部检测到的第二对象物的状态来调整比。
id-CN106042942A    abstract-本发明涉及电动汽车能量回收制动系统。它包括机械制动子系统和能量回收制动子系统，能量回收制动子系统包括踏板行程充电控制开关、储能电池、电机控制器、电机、减速器以及汽车轮轴，踏板行程充电控制开关与制动踏板联动连接，电机控制器电性连接储能电池与电机以构成电池充电电路，电机通过减速器与汽车轮轴传动连接，本发明是利用电动汽车在刹车时，根据制动踏板移动的距离来控制储能电池充电或断电，通过回收电动汽车刹车时的动能，将电动汽车的动能转化为电能，然后输送给储能电池，从而增加电动汽车的续航里程。而且，当制动踏板移动的距离超过了充电控制开关设定的行程后，汽车将切换成机械制动模式并机械制动汽车车轮。
id-CN106143163A    abstract-本发明公开了一种具有能量回馈的电动汽车制动系统。其踏板力形成模块的踏板力输入端与制动踏板相连，踏板力形成模块制动液输入端与储油室后出液口通过液压管路相连，踏板力形成模块制动液输出端与压力产生模块通过液压管路或阀体液压回路相连；压力产生模块通过液压管路与储油室前出液口通过液压管路相连，压力产生模块通过两个液压管路或阀体液压回路与压力调节模块相连；压力调节模块通过四个液压管路与车轮制动器相连。本发明既可进行ABS液压制动、回馈制动或复合制动，或用于自动辅助制动系统，由于增加了制动能量回馈功能，延长续驶里程；当能量回馈制动部分失效时或当电机产生制动压力部分失效时，液压系统仍然可靠工作。
id-CN106042941B    abstract-本发明提供一种电动车制动电能回馈装置以及电动车，涉及电动车技术领域。电动车包括车轮、轮架、轮轴以及电动车制动电能回馈装置。电动车制动电能回馈装置包括安装板、发电机、第一齿轮、与所述第一齿轮配合的第二齿轮以及制动装置。安装板安装于车轮的轮架，制动装置包括滑槽以及闸线，滑槽设置于安装板，发电机沿车轮的径向滑动设置于滑槽。发电机包括转轴，第一齿轮同轴连接于转轴。第二齿轮同轴连接于车轮的轮轴。闸线的一端与发电机连接，另一端用于与电动车的刹车手把连接。本电动车制动电能回馈装置通过电动车在制动的时候，把制动能量转化为电能回馈到蓄电池，不但可以实现电机制动，而且还可以节约电能，延长电动车的续航里程。
id-DE102016213265A1    abstract-Ein Regelungsverfahren für einen elektrischen Antrieb eines Zweirads, wobei bei Erfassen einer momentan verringerten Leistungsanforderung an den Elektromotor durch einen Fahrer, das Zweirad entsprechend einem vorgegebenen Rekuperationsgrad abgebremst und elektrische Energie mittels des Elektromotors zurück gewonnen wird. Das Verfahren umfasst die zusätzlichen Schritte: Erfassen und Auswerten von momentanen Zustandsgrößen des Zweirades, wobei die momentanen Zustandsgrößen eine momentane Zweiradgeschwindigkeit und eine momentane Schräglage des Zweirades beinhalten, und Reduzieren des Rekuperationsgrades um eine durch Rekuperation verursachte Bremswirkung zu reduzieren, wenn die erfassten Zustandsgrößen vorgegebene Reduzierungsbedingungen erfüllen.
id-KR101839976B1    abstract-본 발명은 골프카트에서 발생하는 회생 제동 전류를 제어하는 장치에 관한 것으로, 보다 구체적으로 각 배터리셀에 병렬 접속되어 있는 별도의 단위 제어 모듈을 구비하며 단위 제어 모듈을 통해 회생 제동 전류를 열로 소비시킴으로써 배터리 자체에서 회생 제동 전류로부터 발생되는 열로 인해 배터리의 성능이 저하되는 것을 방지할 수 있으며, 각 배터리셀별로 충전 상태를 모니터링하고 배터리셀별로 충전 용량과 정격 용량을 비교하여 충전 여부를 결정함으로써 배터리의 정격 용량 범위에서 배터리를 충전할 수 있고 배터리팩의 메인 보호 전원이 차단되어 골프카트의 운행이 불가능해지는 것을 방지할 수 있는 회생 제동 전류의 제어 장치에 관한 것이다.
id-US9731607B1    abstract-A vehicle brake control system includes an inverter configured to convert direct current (DC) into an alternating current (AC) for a motor of a vehicle. The inverter includes switches configured to convert the DC to the AC, as well as a resistor and a bypass switch disposed in series with each other. A controller is communicatively coupled with the inverter switches and the bypass switch. The controller opens the bypass switch so that the DC is conducted through and converted into the AC for the motor during a motoring mode. The controller closes the bypass switch so that regenerated current from the motor is conducted through the resistor of the inverter for partial dissipation of the regenerated current during a dynamic braking mode.
id-KR20180012576A    abstract-회생제동량이 모터 용량보다 클 경우 견인 모터와 발전기(generator)가 함께 회생제동량을 흡수하여 고전압 배터리(HV Battery)를 충전하여 회생제동 효율 향상을 도모하도록 한 주행거리 연장형 자동차의 회생제동 시 배터리 충전 제어장치 및 그 방법에 관한 것으로서, 브레이크 페달의 조작신호를 검출하는 브레이크 페달 센서, 상기 브레이크 페달 센서에 의해 브레이크 페달 조작이 감지되면 회생제동으로 판단하고, 제동량을 산출하며 산출한 제동량에 따라 견인 모터 및 발전기 모터의 회생 제동을 제어하여 충전을 제어하는 충전 제어부 및 상기 충전 제어부의 제어에 따라 상기 휠에서 발생하는 제동력을 상기 발전기 모터에 인가하거나 차단하는 클러치를 포함하여, 주행거리 연장형 자동차의 회생제동 시 배터리 충전 제어장치를 구현한다.
id-FR3053938A1    abstract-L'invention concerne un procédé de pilotage d'un véhicule automobile comportant des roues, un moteur électrique couplé aux roues et un système de freinage des roues, comprenant des étapes : - d'acquisition de la vitesse (V1) du véhicule automobile, - d'acquisition de la position d'un levier de vitesse équipant le véhicule automobile, - d'acquisition d'une instruction d'accélération relative à la position de ou à l'effort exercé sur une pédale d'accélérateur équipant le véhicule automobile, et - d'élaboration d'une consigne de pilotage du moteur électrique en fonction de la position du levier de vitesse et de l'instruction d'accélération. Selon l'invention, si la vitesse acquise est inférieure à un premier seuil (S1) négatif et que le levier de vitesse est en position de marche avant, il est prévu d'élaborer une consigne de pilotage du système de freinage en fonction au moins de l'instruction d'accélération.
id-DE102016008364A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Kraftfahrzeugs, das eine zum rekuperativen Verzögern des Kraftfahrzeugs ausgelegte Antriebseinrichtung sowie eine wenigstens einem Rad des Kraftfahrzeugs zugeordnete Betriebsbremseinrichtung aufweist. Dabei ist vorgesehen, dass durch Integrieren oder Aufsummieren wenigstens eines Betriebsparameters der Betriebsbremseinrichtung über der Zeit oder einer zeitabhängigen Größe eine Bremszustandsgröße und aus der Bremszustandsgröße ein empfohlener Rekuperationsgrad für ein Verzögern des Kraftfahrzeugs ermittelt wird. Die Erfindung betrifft weiterhin ein Kraftfahrzeug.
id-KR20180004424A    abstract-본 발명에 따른 RE-EV 에너지 모니터링 디스플레이 시스템은, RE-EV 전기차량의 에너지상황을 모니터링하기 위한 디스플레이 시스템에 있어서, 차량의 모터, 엔진, 배터리와 전기적 신호로 연결되어, 각 모터, 엔진, 배터리의 에너지 흐름, 엔진 토크, 배터리 충방전량 데이터를 전달받아 이를 운전자에게 시각적으로 표출하는 디스플레이;를 포함하여 구성되고, 상기 디스플레이는, 차량의 대시보드 상단에 고정되는 수납부;를 더포함하여 상기 수납부에 수납 또는 전개되거나, 차량의 대시보드에 매립될 수 있고, 에너지 모니터링 모드, 주행 정보 모드를 설정할 수 있으며, 각 모드 마다 화면 구성을 달리하여 운전자가 에너지 정보 또는 주행 정보를 직관적으로 인식할 수 있도록 표출하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-CN106183835A    abstract-本发明实施例公开了一种电动车电能回收方法及电动车，所述方法包括：检测到针对电动车的第一操作时，获取第一参数；判断所述第一参数是否大于第一设定阈值，生成第一判断结果；当所述第一判断结果表征所述第一参数大于第一设定阈值时，基于所述第一参数确定第二参数；检测到针对所述第二参数的调节指令时，基于所述调节指令对所述第二参数的大小进行调整；根据调整后的所述第二参数生成第一指令；执行所述第一指令，控制所述电动车的电动机处于第一工作模式，以对所述电动车的蓄电池进行充电。
id-EP3273568A1    abstract-Ein Verfahren zur Bestimmung einer mindestens erforderlichen Kapazität einer Traktionsbatterie eines batterieelektrisch angetriebenen Flurförderzeugs weist die Schritte auf: - Erstellen eines Nutzungsmodells eines Flurförderzeugs über einen Modellierungszeitraum (5), wobei dem Nutzungsmodell ein Betriebsparametersatz zu Grunde liegt, der aus einer Abfolge von Betriebspausen (4), Betriebszeiten (3) und Batterieladezeiten (2) für das Flurförderzeug während des Modellierungszeitraums (5) besteht, - Berechnen des Verlaufs der Ladung (1) einer Traktionsbatterie über den zeitlichen Verlauf des Nutzungsmodells aufgrund des Verbrauchs in Betriebszeiten (3) und der Ladung während der Batterieladezeiten (2) und eventuell weiterer Parameter des Betriebsparametersatzes, - bestimmen einer Ladungsdifferenz zwischen minimalem Wert des Verlaufs der Ladung und maximalem Wert des Verlaufs der Ladung in dem Modellierungszeitraum (5) und - Festlegen einer mindestens erforderlichen Kapazität entsprechend dem Wert, der die Ladungsdifferenz speichern kann.
id-DE102016212788A1    abstract-Kraftfahrzeug (10) umfassend mindestens einen Elektromotor (12), der ausgelegt ist als Generator zu arbeiten, mindestens eine Rekuperationsvorrichtung (22), die mit dem Elektromotor (12) gekoppelt ist, einen Energiespeicher (26), der mit der Rekuperationsvorrichtung (22) gekoppelt ist, zur Speicherung von rekuperierter Energie, eine Steuervorrichtung (28), die mit der Rekuperationsvorrichtung (22) und dem Energiespeicher (26) gekoppelt ist und ausgelegt ist, die Ladung des Energiespeichers (26) zu steuern, und ferner umfassend mindestens ein Leuchtelement (30), wobei die Steuervorrichtung (28) ausgelegt ist, bei Empfang einer Information darüber, dass der Energiespeicher (26) gegenwärtig zumindest eine Teilmenge der rekuperierten Energie nicht speichert, zumindest einen Teil dieser Teilmenge dem mindestens einen Leuchtelement (30) zuzuführen.
id-KR200490168Y1    abstract-본 고안은 100％에 가깝게 클린하며 저비용인 전기 차량(22)을 제공한다. 먼저, 클린하며 고효율인 회생 장치를 탑재한 전기 차량을 고안한다. 이를 위해, 축전체(3)를 다단적으로 형성하고, 발전기 전압의 강하에 따라 낮은 전압의 축전체(3)로 전환하여 충방전을 행하는 회생 장치를 고안한다. 다음으로, 외부 급전 장치에서의 100％ 클린 전력으로 축전체(31)를 충전하고, 주행 에너지에 이용 또는 보조를 한다. 또는 축전지 차재를 줄인 전기 차량(22)이나 축전지차(21)에 차재의 축전지를 차고나 주차구역에서 이미 클린 충전이 끝난 것으로 교환하여, 100％에 가깝게 클린하며 저비용화하는 것을 도모한다.
id-CN106218419B    abstract-本发明提供了一种前后轴驱动电动汽车再生制动过程的控制方法，其特征在于：首先，检测制动踏板开度判定是否存在制动需求；然后，判断车速、电池组SOC和制动强度是否均满足再生制动控制开启条件；之后，建立前后轴驱动电机再生制动转矩分配优化模型，并求解得出T bf 和T br 。本发明控制方法能保证前后轴驱动电动汽车在制动过程安全、稳定的同时最大限度地回收制动能量，进一步延长电动汽车的行驶里程。
id-US20180043896A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus includes an interface unit configured to receive driving information of a vehicle; an object detection device configured to generate object information based on detecting an object outside the vehicle; and at least one processor. The at least one processor is configured to: determine whether to perform regenerative braking for the vehicle, based on the driving information and the object information; and provide at least one signal corresponding to a result of determining whether to perform the regenerative braking for the vehicle.
id-CN106114238B    abstract-本发明提供一种混合动力汽车的回收能量的确定方法、装置及汽车，该混合动力汽车的回收能量的确定方法，包括：采集车辆的运行状态决定信号，所述运行状态决定信号包括：油门踏板开度信号、制动踏板开度信号、制动开关信号、高压系统运行状态信号、车速信号和制动系统状态信号中的至少一种；根据所述运行状态决定信号确定所述车辆的运行状态，所述运行状态包括：滑行状态、制动状态、高速松油门状态和制动故障状态；根据所述车辆的运行状态，执行与所述运行状态对应的能量回收策略，获取需回收的能量的扭矩值。通过对车辆的运行状态进行确定，依据确定的运行状态，执行与之相对应的能量回收策略，进而提高了能量的回收率，提高了能源的利用率。
id-US10343528B2    abstract-The vehicle control apparatus include: an inputter receive a regenerative braking signal and an anti-lock brake system operation signal output, and a driver's current necessary braking pressure value, in a regenerative braking state and in an ABS started state, a determiner determines whether the input driver's current necessary braking pressure value is in a first state in which the driver's current necessary braking pressure value is less than or equal to a set target pressure value, a calculator configured to calculate a current pressure value corresponding to a coast regeneration torque value when the input driver's current necessary braking pressure value is in the first state and a controller to convert the calculated current pressure value into a ratio of the current pressure value to the driver's current necessary braking pressure value to compensate for the target pressure value, and transmit a compensated target pressure value to the braking apparatus.
id-CN106183765B    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动汽车用电力驱动及能量回收装置及其能量回收方法，其属于与电机连接控制机械能量领域，装置包括磁性齿轮、第一电机、第二电机，磁性齿轮中的转子与第一电机中的飞轮转子传动连接，第二电机中的第二定子嵌套在磁性齿轮中的外转子之外。本发明所提供的电动汽车用电力驱动及能量回收装置及其能量回收方法，装置中融入了飞轮储能结构，集成度高，能够同时实现驱动和储能的作用，在电动汽车启动加速时，飞轮体能够辅助提供动力。在制动时，该装置及其能量回收方法能够将回收的能量直接转化为飞轮体的动能，减少了能量损耗，有利于提高系统效率。
id-US10668823B2    abstract-A driver assistance system may be a vehicle control system configured to perform a driver assistance operation, such as implementing cruise control or performing an automated driving control operation. The control system may be configured to perform a driver assistance operation which includes at least one step which conserves energy stored in at least one battery. The control system may conserve energy by controlling a speed or following distance of a vehicle based on road parameter, such as an uphill grade or downhill grade.
id-US11052774B2    abstract-A rail transit braking energy recovery system. The rail transit braking energy recovery system comprises a braking motor, a fuel battery, an electrolytic bath, and a hydrogen tank. The braking motor is used for converting braking energy of the rail transit into electric energy. An output end of the braking motor is connected to a power input end of the electrolytic bath. The electrolytic bath comprises a hydrogen output end and an oxygen output end, the hydrogen output end is connected to the hydrogen tank, and the hydrogen tank is connected to the fuel battery and is used for supplying hydrogen to the fuel battery. In the system, only the electrolytic bath is structurally added, and the existing vehicle-mounted hydrogen tank is directly used for storing hydrogen, therefore the structure is simple, the self weight of the vehicle body is reduced, the energy conversion efficiency is high, and at the same time, the injection of hydrogen is reduced and the operation cost is reduced. In addition, the purity of the hydrogen obtained by means of electrolysis is high, so that the hydrogen can be directly supplied to the fuel battery to be used without being processed. Also provided is a hybrid power rail transit system.
id-US11554660B2    abstract-A modular electric wheel assembly includes integral/in-built acceleration and braking componentry and/or steering and suspension componentry allowing for the modular application thereof. Each modular wheel assembly may receive drive control data from various sensors (such as accelerator and brake pedal position sensors, steering column rotational offset sensors and the like), vehicle control systems or the like so as to be able to independently drive, brake, steer and/or provide active suspension for the vehicle. The wheel assemblies may communicate with each other across a wheel assembly vehicular network, wherein a master wheel assembly may receive drive control data and control the slave wheel assemblies accordingly. The modular wheel assemblies may further communicate with each other to receive various sensor data, including rotational speed sensor data so as to be able to detect loss of traction events and the like so as to substantially autonomously take remedial traction control action.
id-WO2018040368A1    abstract-一种内燃动车组的供电系统，包括内燃动力包、与内燃动力包连接的牵引逆变器和辅助逆变器，牵引逆变器与牵引电机连接，辅助逆变器与整车负载连接；还包括通过直流斩波器与内燃动力包并联的超级电容器，直流斩波器和柴油动力包均通过牵引逆变器中间直流环节与牵引逆变器和辅助逆变器连接。应用上述供电系统，简化了中间电压控制，增强了系统稳定性和控制简洁性。牵引过程中，超级电容可以短时提供大功率供列车启动加速，因而可以选用较小的内燃动力包，减小了内燃动力包的体积重量，方便其安装。列车制动再生能量得到循环利用，从而起到节能减排效果。同时，还公开了一种包括上述供电系统的内燃动车组及其牵引控制方法。
id-CN106183834A    abstract-本发明公开了一种混合动力电动轮自卸车牵引系统，包括主发电机、整流模块、中间直流回路、多个逆变牵引模块，各个逆变牵引模块均包括逆变模块和牵引电机，所述逆变模块与牵引电机相连，所述整流模块分别与主发电机和中间直流回路相连、用于将主发电机输出的三相交流电转换成直流电至中间直流回路，所述中间直流回路的输出端与多个逆变牵引模块相连，所述中间直流回路的输入端分别与整流模块和接触网相连，用于接收整流模块或接触网的直流电压并经逆变模块转换成幅值、频率可调的交流电压以驱动各牵引电机运行；所述主发电机与接触网之间电气互锁。本发明的混合动力电动轮自卸车牵引系统具有结构简单、功率大以及适用性强等优点。
id-US10882610B2    abstract-A braking system for a rotorcraft having a rotor hub assembly includes a generator having an armature mechanically coupled to the rotor hub assembly such that the armature is rotatable in response to rotation of the rotor hub assembly and a braking unit in selective electrical communication with the generator. The braking unit is adapted to apply an electrical resistance to rotation of the armature, thereby reducing a rotational speed of the rotor hub assembly.
id-CN106314163A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动车的制动控制方法，包括：接收来自制动踏板开度传感器的制动强度信号、以及来自车轮速度传感器的车轮速度信号；根据所述车轮速度信号判断车速是否小于第一车速阈值，若是，则结束流程；若否，则根据制动强度信号判断制动踏板的制动强度是否大于或等于制动强度阈值，根据车轮速度信号判断车速是否大于或等于第二车速阈值；若两个条件均满足，控制电动车以液压制动力分配模式制动；若仅有一条件满足，控制电动车以复合制动力分配模式制动。本发明的电动车的制动控制方法，在保证制动稳定性的前提下，对制动能量进行充分的回收，实现了能量的再生利用。本发明还公开了一种电动车的制动控制装置。
id-KR20180025660A    abstract-본 발명은 구동력을 발생시키는 모터를 구비한 차량에서 회생 제동시 모터에서 발생하는 에너지를 보다 효율적으로 계산하고 운전자에 알려줄 수 있는 표시 방법 및 그를 수행하기 위한 차량에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 차량의 회생 제동량 표시 방법은, 전기 모터에 대한 배터리의 전압 및 전류를 모니터링하는 단계; 상기 모니터링 결과를 이용하여 회생 제동 수행 여부를 판단하는 단계; 상기 회생 제동이 수행되는 경우, 상기 회생 제동을 통해 회수되는 에너지의 총량을 누적적으로 계산하는 단계; 상기 계산된 에너지의 총량을 주행 가능 거리(DTE)의 증가량으로 환산하는 단계; 및 상기 환산된 주행 가능 거리의 증가량을 시각적으로 출력하는 단계를 포함할 수 있다.
id-US20180037218A1    abstract-A control system for a vehicle includes: a motor-generator to regenerate an electric power; a secondary battery to be charged with the electric power regenerated by the motor-generator; an electrical load to be activated with an electric power supplied from at least one of the motor-generator and the secondary battery; a power supply device to supply the electrical load with the electric power generated by the motor-generator based on a deceleration power generated by a braking operation of the vehicle; and an electronic control unit to calculate excess power which is electric power exceeding chargeable power with which the secondary battery is chargeable of a required deceleration power required by the braking operation, and to control the power supply device in accordance with a command value for causing the electric power supplied from the power supply device to the electrical load to be less than the excess power.
id-DE102017119547A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeugsystem weist einen Spannungswandler auf, der dazu ausgelegt ist, zwischen Hochspannungs(HV)- und Niederspannungs(LV)-Bussen Leistung elektrisch zu isolieren und umzuwandeln, und eine Steuerung, die dazu ausgelegt ist, als Reaktion darauf, dass eine zurückgewonnene Leistung über einer Ladeleistungsgrenze einer Traktionsbatterie, die Ladung über den HV-Bus empfängt, liegt, eine Ausgangsspannung des Wandlers zu erhöhen, um eine Übertragung eines Teils der zurückgewonnenen Leistung an eine Zusatzbatterie einzuleiten, die mit dem LV-Bus verbunden ist.
id-US20180056807A1    abstract-A method for controlling an output of an LDC in an environmentally friendly vehicle is provided. The method includes determining whether the vehicle travels in the regenerative braking mode and when the vehicle does, transmitting a first slope signal to the LDC to increase an output voltage of the LDC that charges or discharges an auxiliary battery supplying power to an electric load using a high voltage battery. The first slope signal determines an upward slope of the output voltage of the LDC according to time as a first slope. When the vehicle does not travel in the regenerative braking mode and uses a high power electric load a second slope signal is transmitted to the LDC to increase the output voltage of the LDC. The second slope signal determines the upward slope as the second slope having a slope less than the first slope.
id-CN106240378A    abstract-本发明提供一种汽车减速能量管理方法及系统，其中，汽车减速能量管理方法包括：步骤S1，采集CAN总线、LIN总线及硬线输入信号；步骤S2，根据采集的CAN总线、LIN总线及硬线输入信号，在不同时间片里判断车辆所处上电工况或运行工况，并根据判断出的上电工况或运行工况进行相应的能量回收管理控制。本发明相对于已有方法提高了能量管理的可控性，同时具有较高的可移植性，可以将传统汽车经过简单的加装实现高效的能量回收管理；可以有效实现制动和减速能量回收，并能根据驾驶工况对回收的能量进行管理，提高能源利用率。
id-CN106169772B    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于浮动门槛值的能馈系统启动控制方法及控制系统，控制方法包括：S1.获取交流电网实际电压值，直流电网实际电压值；S2.计算直流电网空载电压值和浮动门槛值；S3.当直流电网实际电压值大于浮动门槛值且电网处于非空载状态时，启动能馈系统，否则不启动能馈系统；该控制系统包括测量模块、计算模块和启动控制模块。本发明具有可自动判断电网是否处于空载状态，通过设置浮动门槛值，可有效解决采用固定门槛值方式下因电网电压波动而引起能馈系统误启动问题，减少不必要的损耗和能耗，有效提高整个能馈系统的经济指标；并且根据网压实际情况选择最佳的启动门槛，可进一步提高系统响应速度，保证能馈系统发挥最大作用。
id-CN109562748A    abstract-提供一种在执行提高处理的车辆用制动装置中能够改善刹车感的车辆用制动装置。本发明的车辆用制动装置在将再生制动力的至少一部分渐渐替换为液压制动力的替换处理中，为了抑制工作液的增压响应延迟，进行将工作液的增压开始时刻的工作液的目标液压提高规定提高量的提高处理，其中，包括，判定部，在协调控制中判定需求制动力或减速度是否正在降低；以及提高量设定部，在进行提高处理时，在判定部的判定结果为肯定的情况下，将比在判定部的判定结果为否定的情况下的提高量亦即第一规定压小的第二规定压设定为提高量。
id-DE102016009934A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines mit einem Zugfahrzeug koppelbaren, Räder und wenigstens eine Bremseinrichtung zum Bremsen der Räder aufweisenden Anhängers, mit den Schritten: – Mittels einer elektronischen Recheneinrichtung des Anhängers: Empfangen wenigstens eines Signals, welches einen Rekuperationsbetrieb des als Hybrid- oder Elektrofahrzeug ausgebildeten Zugfahrzeugs charakterisiert (Schritt S1); und – Mittels der elektronischen Recheneinrichtung: Zumindest vorübergehendes Deaktivierten der Bremseinrichtung in Abhängigkeit von dem Signal, sodass zumindest während eines Teils des Rekuperationsbetriebs ein durch die Bremseinrichtung bewirktes Abbremsen der Räder des Anhängers unterbleibt (Schritt S2).
id-CN106314409B    abstract-本发明提供了一种电动制动助力耦合装置，其包括：踏板推杆；丝杆和助力套筒，助力套筒嵌设在丝杆内；连接套筒，踏板推杆的一端与连接套筒的一端连接，连接套筒的另一端嵌设在助力套筒的一端内；调节块的一端与连接套筒连接，另一端穿设在助力套筒内，且调节块上设置有一第一弹性部件，使得第一弹性部件卡设在连接套筒和助力套筒之间，以通过推动踏板推杆来带动调节块移动；助力套筒的另一端设置有反应盘和主缸顶杆，反应盘与主缸顶杆连接，使主缸顶杆通过第二弹性部件连接至壳体。本发明通过滚珠丝杠实现制动助力，具有摩擦损失小，传动效率高的优点，同时其运动精度高，能实现精确的微进给，降低了电机控制的难度。
id-CN106240383A    abstract-本发明公开了一种直流车辆牵引系统，涉及牵引动力技术领域，用以解决现有技术中存在能量无法双向流动，以及车辆再生制动时抬高直流电网电压，威胁设备安全的问题。该系统包括：滤波电路、牵引制动电路和处理器；牵引制动电路包括：供电输入正极A+端通过第一牵引接触器依次与第一制动电阻、第一电流互感器、第一电动机装置、第二牵引接触器、第一电感和第一GTO晶闸管串联，并最终连接至供电输入负极A‑端，其中第一电感与第一GTO晶闸管的正极连接；供电输入正极A+端通过第一牵引接触器依次与第二电动机装置、第二电流互感器、第二制动电阻、第二牵引接触器、第一电感和第一GTO晶闸管串联；接触器、电流传感器、电压传感器和晶闸管均与处理器连接。
id-CN106159960A    abstract-本发明涉及一种串、并联结构的模块化地铁能量回馈装置的闭环控制装置及其方法。所述装置包括主控制器和底层控制器。主控制器和底层控制器通过高速通信方式进行控制量的下发、逆变模块工作状态的上传。主控制器负责接收上位监控机或者手工输入的操作命令，进行直流稳压、两组串联逆变模块间均压、两组串联逆变模块组的三相交流输出电流进行闭环控制，并输出两组PWM控制信号，分别控制两组串联逆变模块组的IGBT开关动作，同一组并联逆变模块接收相同的PWM脉冲。本发明可以达到稳定直流触网电压的目的；且有效均衡两组串联逆变模块直流电压；能够保证很好的交流基波电流控制精度和电流波形质量；冗余运行、提高可靠性；可以根据系统需求输出无功电流。
id-CN106240381A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电驱动制动能量回收矿用车，其包括有设于车上的整车控制系统、驾驶员输入系统、对车辆进行驱动并在车辆制动时能进行能量回收的电力驱动与能量回收控制系统、能够进行充放电的电池管理系统以及对车辆进行制动的制动系统，该整车控制系统通过数据总线分别连接该驾驶员输入系统、电力驱动与能量回收控制系统、电池管理系统及制动系统，电池管理系统为该电力驱动与能量回收控制系统提供电力，该电力驱动与能量回收控制系统为该电池管理系统进行充电。本发明的电驱动矿用车由蓄电池组供电运行，同时具有能量回收功能，故能降低运行成本，具有节能效果。
id-CN106183891A    abstract-本发明提供的一种电动车控制系统；包括驱动控制系统、整车控制系统、电池管理系统、车载充电机、DC/DC电源转换器、组合仪表，所述整车控制系统包括制动能量回馈控制模块、能量优化模块、故障诊断及保护模块；本发明可针对所配置的不同车型，进行相应的能量管理，实现整车驱动控制、能量优化控制、制动回馈控制和网络管理等功能。此策略在不同车型的应用上更灵活，适应性更强。
id-CN106379178A    abstract-本发明公开了一种模拟汽车制动的协调控制方法，属于汽车制动控制技术领域。其中，该方法包括：基于获取到的踏板行程计算总制动力矩；基于获取到的飞轮转速、电流信号、电压信号和所述踏板行程分配所述总制动力矩，得到电控液压制动力矩和电机制动力矩；电控液压控制器基于接收到的电控液压制动力矩形成制动压力输出至盘式制动器，进而对飞轮进行制动控制；电机控制器基于接收到的电机制动力矩形成目标转速信号并发送至电机；电机基于接收到的所述目标转速信号对飞轮进行制动控制。本发明能够对汽车实现协调控制。
id-DE102016215426A1    abstract-Es wird ein Verfahren zum Betrieb eines Fahrzeugs (2) angegeben, welches einen Antriebsstrang (4), einen Generator (20), zur Erzeugung einer elektrischen Leistung, und einen Kältekreis (12) mit einem Verdichter (16), zur Erzeugung einer Kühlleistung, aufweist. Das Fahrzeug (2) weist weiterhin eine Steuereinheit (24) aufweist, welche das Fahrzeug (2) in einen Rekuperationsbetrieb schaltet, in welchem aus dem Antriebsstrang (4) eine Rekuperationsleistung gewonnen wird. Die Kühlleistung wird erzeugt wird, indem der Verdichter (16) mit der Rekuperationsleistung angetrieben wird. Der Generator (20) wird zudem als Kältespeicher verwendet und mittels der Kühlleistung gekühlt wird. Dadurch wird der Wirkungsgrad des Generators (20) erhöht und die Rekuperationsleistung optimal genutzt. Des Weiteren wird ein entsprechendes Fahrzeug (2) angegeben.
id-CN106240379B    abstract-本发明提供一种船舶制动能量回馈利用系统，包括船舶电机、整流器、保护开关一、继电器、保护开关二、法拉电容、钒电池装置、潮汐发电机构、保护开关三、控制器以及充电开关，继电器通过电线与保护开关一相连接，保护开关一与整流器通过电线相连接，整流器通过电线与船舶电机相连接，钒电池装置通过电线与法拉电容相连接，充电开关通过电线与控制器相连接，控制器与保护开关三通过电线相连接，保护开关三通过电线与潮汐发电机构相连接，充电开关与继电器通过电线相连接，法拉电容通过电线分别与继电器以及保护开关二相连接，本发明使用方便，便于操作，提高船舶电力推进的能源使用效率，增加船舶续航能力，节约能源，可靠性高。
id-DE102016215003A1    abstract-Die hier offenbarte Technologie betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betrieb eines Kraftfahrzeugs. Das Kraftfahrzeug umfasst ein Brennstoffzellensystem und eine Energiespeichereinrichtung. Das Brennstoffzellensystem und die Energiespeichereinrichtung sind ausgebildet für mindestens einen Motor-Generator elektrische Leistung bereitzustellen. Das Verfahren umfasst die Schritte: – Erfassen einer zukünftigen Leistungsanforderung des Kraftfahrzeugs; und – Anpassen vom Hybridisierungsverhältnis von Energiespeichereinrichtung und Brennstoffzellensystem in Abhängigkeit von der zukünftigen Leistungsanforderung.
id-CN107719146A    abstract-本发明涉及一种车辆驱动部(1)，其包括至少一个电机(2)和电气储能器，其构造成Li离子电池(3)，其中，车辆驱动部(1)构造成，使得电机(2)不仅可发动机式地运行并且可发电机式地运行，以便于施加再生的制动力矩，其中，Li离子电池(3)关联有下极限值SOC g,u 和上极限值SOC g,o ，其中，上极限值SOC g,u 小于充电状态100%而下极限值SOC g,u 大于充电状态0%，其中，控制设备(8)监控Li离子电池(3)的充电状态，车辆驱动部(1)构造成，使得在再生的制动的情况中将Li离子电池(3)充电直至100%的充电状态。
id-DE102017117204A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug weist eine Fahrzeugkarosserie und ein in der Fahrzeugkarosserie angeordnetes regeneratives Druckluftbremssystem auf. Das regenerative Druckluftbremssystem weist eine Leitung, eine in der Leitung angeordnete Turbine und einen mit der Turbine wirkverbundenen und von der Leitung entfernt angeordneten elektrischen Generator auf. Das regenerative Luftbremssystem kann während Bremsereignissen angeschaltet werden, um die Verlangsamung des sich bewegenden Fahrzeugs zu unterstützen.
id-CN106240582A    abstract-它是在大坡度路面建一条回收电网线，然后制造一种多功能车厢用车轴带动发电机把坡度路面火车产生的势能通过再生制动转化成电，然后用受电弓把电输入回收电网，同时还制造一种固定的多功能车厢用车轴带动发电机，用它把小坡度路面火车产生的势能通过再生制动转化成电，然后用受电弓把电输入电网。还要在多功能车厢上设置一个风机，用绝缘材料和耐高温材料制造一个中间用档板隔开变成两个密封空间的盒子，盒子里面安装电阻器，盒子的上口和输风管连接，下口靠近轨道和车轮，如果在雨雪天就给电阻器供电，然后利用风机把高温高压的气吹向轨道和车轮把雨雪全部蒸发掉，这样就能使火车在恶劣天气实现全天候运输。
id-KR101753778B1    abstract-본 발명은 비탈길 속도 감속 발전 수레에 관한 것으로서, 손잡이와 회전가능한 바퀴가 설치되는 수레 몸체; 수레 몸체의 바닥에 설치되는 동력 생성구동부;상기 바퀴를 제동하는 제동기; 손잡이에 연결된 동력연결 조작부로 구성되고, 상기 동력 생성구동부는 모터와 발전기 및 상기 모터의 동력원이 되면서 발전기의 전력을 저장하는 배터리로 이루어지고, 상기 동력연결 조작부에 의해 상기 모터와 발전기의 구동이 선택적으로 이루어지므로, 내리막길에서 회생 제동기능을 통해 제동과 발전 및 충전을 수행하고, 평지 또는 오르막길에서는 충전된 전기를 사용하여 모터를 구동할 수 있으므로 수레에 설치된 배터리의 수명이 길어진다는 이점이 있다.
id-CN106218418A    abstract-本发明提出了一种基于电动汽车手刹信号的响应控制系统及方法。其中所述方法包括以下步骤：步骤A、接收到手刹信号后，根据车速判断此时车辆行驶状态；步骤B、根据车辆行驶状态、档位状态和油门状态，对所述车辆进行相应控制。本发明考虑到坡起工况进行控制方法的改善，防止坡道起步溜车；在行驶过程中接收到手刹信号时，若同时检测到驾驶员踩下油门，可以发出警报声提示驾驶员进行动作修正；为防止驾驶员忽略手刹信号的存在设置蜂鸣器，当满足触发和停止的条件时，整车控制器控制控制蜂鸣器动作。
id-RU174227U1    abstract-Полезная модель относится к транспортным средствам, использующим энергию рекуперации при торможении для аккумулирования или возвращения в электросеть. Предлагаемое техническое решение может использоваться также в грузоподъемных механизмах. Технический результат заключается в повышении объема рекуперативной электроэнергии при торможении. Для получения этого результата в трансмиссию от оси колес транспортного средства до тягового электродвигателя включено два или несколько валов с шестернями. При торможении транспортного средства работает система управления по ускорению, получая сигнал обратной связи с датчика ускорения, например акселерометра, а задающий сигнал с педали тормоза. Когда при торможении скорость транспортного средства становится ниже заданной скорости, со сравнивающего устройства поступает сигнал в систему управления, которая при помощи управляющего устройства двухсторонней фрикционной муфты переключает последнюю от одной группы находящихся в зацеплении шестерен к другой, имеющей большее передаточное число. При этом скорость электродвигателя, работающего в генераторном режиме, возрастает пропорционально отношению передаточного числа второй группы шестерен к передаточному числу первой, а следовательно возрастает и та максимальная мощность, которая может быть снята с электрической машины. Таким образом, увеличивается объем рекуперативной энергии при торможении транспортного средства.
id-KR20180026010A    abstract-본 발명은 가선전압 제어장치에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따르면, 가선으로부터 가선전압을 공급받고 가선전압을 쵸퍼 기준전압과 비교하여 쵸퍼신호를 출력하는 쵸퍼회로, 가선과 쵸퍼회로 사이에 배치되고, 쵸퍼회로로 공급되는 전류 또는 쵸퍼회로에서 출력되는 전류의 방향을 검지하는 전류센서, 쵸퍼신호를 수신하여 스위칭 동작하는 스위치, 및 스위치의 동작에 따라 선별적으로 전원을 소비하는 저항을 포함하는, 가선전압 제어장치를 제공한다.
id-KR20180019441A    abstract-본 발명은 회생제동이 시작되면, 휠속 센서가 전기자동차의 4륜의 휠속을 감지하는 단계, 휠속 차이값 산출부가 4륜의 휠속을 이용하여 전기자동차의 좌륜 휠속 차이값과 우륜 휠속 차이값을 각각 산출하는 단계, 및 제어부가 좌륜 휠속 차이값과 상기 우륜 휠속 차이값에 따라 좌측 후륜 제동부와 우측 후륜 제동부 중 어느 하나의 마찰 제동력을 제어하는 단계를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-US20230059385A1    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a truck, a tractor unit, a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, at a tandem, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-US10752104B2    abstract-An auxiliary power unit equipped wheel support bearing assembly is provided which includes a wheel support bearing assembly and an auxiliary power unit. The auxiliary power unit is of a direct drive design that includes a stator mounted to a stationary ring of the wheel support bearing assembly and a motor rotor mounted to a rotational ring of the wheel support bearing assembly. An entirety of the auxiliary power unit is sized to extend less than an outer peripheral segment of a brake rotor, with the outer peripheral segment defining an area against which a brake caliper is intended to be pushed. The auxiliary power unit is, with respect to an axial direction, sized to be situated between a hub flange of the wheel support bearing assembly and a mounting face of the wheel support bearing assembly for mounting to a vehicle body of a vehicle.
id-CN106428035B    abstract-本发明涉及有适用于储能式有轨电车的主电路系统，包括集电装置、高压箱、牵引逆变器、辅助逆变器、储能装置、制动电阻等。本发明可以实现有轨电车区间无接触网运行。车辆在停站或运行时利用局部设置的接触网为车载储能装置充电，无接触网区段车辆利用车载储能装置电能保持运行。在有网或无网区段，均可回收利用车辆制动时电能，还可以实现进入有网区升弓、离开有网区降弓时不产生明显拉弧，保护接触网和受电弓。
id-US10500975B1    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a truck, a tractor unit, a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, at a tandem, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-JP6811062B2    abstract-
id-US10967870B2    abstract-A hill descent system for a vehicle and a control method thereof comprising: wheels; wheel speed sensors used for detecting the speeds of the wheels; motors used for selectively driving or braking the wheels; a motor controllers, for controlling the working states of the motors; resolver sensors for detecting the rotational speeds of the motors; and a vehicle control unit for determining the actual downhill speed of the vehicle and adjusting the working states of the motors to control the descent of the vehicle.
id-US20180093571A1    abstract-A braking control method and device for a vehicle are disclosed. According to certain embodiments, the device may include a controller configured to: detect a panic braking event initiated by a user; activate regenerative braking to decelerate the vehicle; monitor an amount of friction braking generated by a friction braking system of the vehicle; monitor rotational speeds of one or more wheels of the vehicle; and adjust an amount of the regenerative braking based on the amount of the friction braking and the rotational speeds of the one or more wheels. The device may further include at least one actuator for applying the adjusted amount of the regenerative braking.
id-JP6815854B2    abstract-
id-US11465508B2    abstract-This disclosure discloses a braking-recovery system and method for a train, and a train. The system includes: a traction network, a train, and an energy storage power station. The energy storage power station is connected to the traction network, the energy storage power station includes a second controller, and the second controller controls the energy storage power station according to the voltage of the traction network to perform charging or discharging. The train includes: an electric brake; a battery; a distributor, connected to the electric brake, where there is a node between the distributor and the electric brake; a bidirectional DC/DC converter, where one end of the bidirectional DC/DC converter is connected to the battery, and another end of the bidirectional DC/DC converter is connected to the node; and a first controller, used to control, when the train is braked, the distributor and the bidirectional DC/DC converter to feed back braking electric energy of the train to the traction network, and control the bidirectional DC/DC converter according to a voltage of the traction network to absorb the braking electric energy of the train by using the battery.
id-US9718341B1    abstract-Power systems, heat exchanger systems, electrical regeneration systems and air drag reduction systems for a wheeled vehicle are provided. The systems comprise a vehicle that includes a compressed air system and electrical system. The power and drag reduction system also comprises a plurality of pneumatic motors, one each connected to each wheel, the pneumatic motors using compressed air to drive each wheel. The electrical system supports vehicle braking and regenerates electricity for vehicle batteries. A heat exchanger heats expanding air and is configured to substantially evenly distribute said heated air to the pneumatic motors. Air from a front grill is diverted to impellers that turn electric generators to regenerate power and reduce drag. A drag reducing arrangement blending mirrors with camera into the vehicle body is included as is a plug-in 120-volt trickle charge system and a quick charge (DC) system for battery charging.
id-US20180086330A1    abstract-A power system includes: an internal combustion engine; an electric motor; a power generator to drive a driven load; a power transmission mechanism via which power is transmitted from the internal combustion engine, the electric motor, and the power generator to the driven load and via which power is transmitted between the internal combustion engine and the power generator; a first power storage and a second power storage to store electric power; a power transmission circuit electrically connecting the electric motor, the power generator, the first power storage, and the second power storage so as to transmit electric power from the first power storage and the second power storage to the electric motor and the power generator; and a processor configured to control the power transmission circuit such that the first power storage and the second power storage feed electric power to the electric motor and the power generator.
id-US9963032B2    abstract-Power systems, heat exchanger systems, electrical regeneration systems and air drag reduction systems for a wheeled vehicle are provided. The systems comprise a vehicle that includes a compressed air system and electrical system. The power and drag reduction system also comprises a plurality of pneumatic motors, one each connected to each wheel, the pneumatic motors using compressed air to drive each wheel and a plurality of electric motors, two each connected to each wheel, the electric motors using electric power to drive each wheel. Based on operator action, the vehicle is propelled by one of compressed air system operation and electrical system operation. Motors associated with each of the compressed air system and electrical system are attached to and drive each wheel separately. The compressed air system and electrical system operate separately and recharge battery systems.
id-CN106809021B    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统、用于列车调度的控制中心以及方法，系统包括：包括：牵引网；连接在牵引网上的多个列车，每个列车包括：电制动器；电池；配电器，配电器和电制动器相连，配电器和电制动器之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，双向DC/DC变换器的一端与电池相连，双向DC/DC变换器的另一端与节点相连；第一控制器，其中，第一控制器用于在列车制动时控制配电器和双向DC/DC变换器将制动电能回馈至牵引网；控制中心，控制中心用于获取牵引网的状态，当牵引网故障时控制多个列车的电池进行放电以为列车供电，同时对多个列车进行紧急调度。由此，在牵引网故障时，可通过紧急提调度将运行在牵引网上的列车中的乘客安全送出车站，保证用户的安全。
id-JP6372532B2    abstract-
id-US20180086343A1    abstract-Vehicles including a plurality of front and rear ground engaging members, a front driveline operatively coupled to a first power source, a rear driveline operatively coupled to a second power source, at least one controller operatively coupled to the first drive system and the second drive system are disclosed. The vehicles may further include a torque request input adapted to be actuatable by an operator of the vehicle. The torque request input may provide an indication of a requested torque to the at least one controller. The at least one controller may, based on the requested torque, command a first output of the first drive system to the at least one front ground engaging member and a second output of the second drive system to the at least one rear ground engaging member. Vehicle drive control systems are also disclosed. Methods of controlling torque and battery management are also disclosed.
id-TWI606670B    abstract-
id-US10107390B2    abstract-A vehicle may include a controller configured to, in response to an accelerator pedal release and an expected regenerative braking event, increase an engagement pressure of a torque converter clutch prior to occurrence of the event to a threshold that is based on a regenerative braking torque estimate associated with the event such that during the event, the clutch transfers more torque than the converter.
id-CN106218421A    abstract-本发明公开了一种控制车辆再生制动的方法和系统，属于汽车控制领域。方法包括：整车控制单元VCU获取目标再生制动强度，目标再生制动强度为用户从多个再生制动强度中选择的再生制动强度；VCU获取车辆的当前车速、车辆的制动踏板的制动开度；VCU根据当前车速、制动开度和目标再生制动强度，确定回收系数；VCU根据车辆的动力电池的剩余电量和回收系数，确定动力电池的实际可回收功率；VCU根据实际可回收功率，确定扭矩，向电机控制单元MCU发送发电请求，发电请求携带扭矩；MCU根据扭矩，控制车辆的电机发电，向动力电池充电。系统包括：VCU和MCU。本发明通过划分再生制强度等级，最大化满足用户对制动体验的要求。
id-JP6976083B2    abstract-
id-JP6725879B2    abstract-
id-US20180072305A1    abstract-A system for controlling regenerative braking in a hybrid vehicle, includes: a driving information sensor detecting driving information; a motor assisting a driving force of an engine in an acceleration interval of the hybrid vehicle; a motor controller charging a battery using a regenerative energy generated by the motor; a hybrid controller calculating a first braking force generated by friction in the engine according to a first gear stage of the hybrid vehicle, setting a second braking force due to friction in the engine used to compensate for a limited regenerative braking force using a kick-down shifting at a second gear stage as a target regenerative braking force, and controlling the kick-down shifting using a third gear stage that compensates for the limited regenerative braking force and corresponds to the braking force due to friction in the engine; and a transmission controller performing the kick-down shifting.
id-CN109715426B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于运行混合动力车辆(1)的方法，混合动力车辆利用内燃机、电机(7)和传动装置来运行，其中，传动装置经由输入轴与内燃机连接，混合动力车辆具有第一电网、第二电网，第二电网作为车载电网与第一电网相比在更低的电压水平上运行，第一电网与第二电网相比在更高的电压水平上运行，其中，在与第一电网耦接的情况下：运行电机，运行电能存储装置，运行能量转换器，能量转换器将电功率至少从第一电网传递到第二电网中，其中，在第二电网中取消了发电机。本发明的特征在于，第一电网构造为传动装置系统的一部分，其跟那些与之耦接的部件一起经由传动装置控制器来驱控，其中，通过电机产生功率，并且其中，在功率分配时，对第二电网的能量供应与通过电机对输入轴的驱动的马达支持相比具有更高的优先级。
id-EP3517336A1    abstract-An auxiliary power unit equipped wheel support bearing assembly (1) is provided which includes a wheel support bearing assembly (2) and an auxiliary power unit (3). The auxiliary power unit (3) is of a direct drive design that includes a stator (18) mounted to a stationary ring (4) of the wheel support bearing assembly (2) and a motor rotor (19) mounted to a rotational ring (5) of the wheel support bearing assembly (2). An entirety of the auxiliary power unit (3) is sized to extend less than an outer peripheral segment (17b) of a brake rotor (17), with the outer peripheral segment (17b) defining an area against which a brake caliper (16) is intended to be pushed. The auxiliary power unit (3) is, with respect to an axial direction, sized to be situated between a hub flange (7) of the wheel support bearing assembly (2) and a mounting face (4a) of the wheel support bearing assembly (2) for mounting to a vehicle body of a vehicle.
id-DE102017120683A1    abstract-Ein Verfahren gemäß einem beispielhaften Aspekt der vorliegenden Offenbarung beinhaltet unter anderem ein Steuern von Aufladungs- und Entladungsoperationen einer ersten Hochspannungsbatterie eines elektrifizierten Fahrzeugs und einer zweiten Hochspannungsbatterie einer sekundären elektrischen Vorrichtung, die mit dem elektrischen Fahrzeug verbunden ist, sodass Leistung von dem elektrifizierten Fahrzeug selektiv verwendet wird, um die zweite Hochspannungsbatterie aufzuladen, und Leistung von der zweiten Hochspannungsbatterie selektiv entladen wird, um das elektrifizierte Fahrzeug mit Leistung zu versorgen.
id-JPWO2018061400A1    abstract-パワー型電池および容量型電池を併用しながらも、電力供給対象の特性に対する制約を緩和することができる複合蓄電システムを提供する。本発明による複合蓄電システムは、パワー型電池１３および容量型電池１５に直流電力を蓄電し、蓄電される直流電力を電力供給対象１１，１２へ出力するものであって、容量型電池１５に蓄電される直流電力は、電力制御装置１４を介して電力供給対象１１，１２へ出力され、容量型電池１５は、電力制御装置１４を介して、パワー型電池１３と並列に接続される。
id-CN106809030B    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统、用于列车调度的控制中心以及方法，系统包括：牵引网，牵引网包括多个区段；列车，其包括电制动器；电池；和电制动器相连的配电器，配电器和电制动器之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，双向DC/DC变换器的一端与电池相连，双向DC/DC变换器的另一端与节点相连；第一控制器；与牵引网相连的储能电站，每个区段中设置至少一个储能电站；控制中心，用于获取运行在牵引网上多个列车的运行状态，并判断是否有区段出现线路故障，以及在判断区段出现线路故障时控制出现线路故障的区段对应的至少一个储能电站进行放电。由此，在任一个区段出现线路故障无法为列车供电时，使用该区段的储能电站进行应急供电，确保列车正常运行。
id-CN106809029A    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统、用于列车调度的控制中心以及方法，所述系统包括：牵引网；列车，所述列车包括：电制动器；电池；配电器，所述配电器和所述电制动器相连，所述配电器和所述电制动器之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，所述双向DC/DC变换器的一端与所述电池相连，所述双向DC/DC变换器的另一端与所述节点相连；第一控制器；多个储能电站，所述多个储能电站与所述牵引网相连；控制中心，用于对为所述牵引网供电的变电站进行监控，当所述变电站出现故障时，控制所述多个储能电站进行放电。由此，本发明实施例在变电站出现故障无法为牵引网时，使用牵引网上的储能电站进行应急供电，确保列车正常运行。
id-EP3308993A1    abstract-A motor driving control apparatus in the embodiment includes : a first controller configured to control powering and regeneration of a motor; a second controller configured to control the first controller; and an assistant unit configured to activate the second controller in a stop state, when a counter electromotive force caused by the motor, which is rotated without control by the first controller, satisfies a predetermined condition, before a power-on instruction for the motor driving control apparatus is made or in a state where the power-on instruction for the motor driving control apparatus is not made.
id-DE112017004533T5    abstract-Bereitgestellt ist eine Fahrzeugbremsvorrichtung, die in der Lage ist, das Unbehagen des Fahrers zu verringern. Eine Fahrzeugbremsvorrichtung, die als die Ziel-Hydraulikbremskraft, die der Zielwert für die Hydraulikbremskraft ist, die Differenz einstellt, die durch Subtraktion der effektiven Regenerationsbremskraft, die die tatsächlich erzeugte Regenerationsbremskraft ist, von der angeforderten Bremskraft erhalten wird, die der angeforderte Wert für die auf die Fahrzeugräder zu übertragende Bremskraft ist, wobei die Fahrzeugbremsvorrichtung Folgendes hat: eine Hydrauliksteuereinheit, die die Ziel-Hydraulikbremskraft um einen vorgegebenen Wert zu dem Zeitpunkt anhebt, zu dem die Differenz zwischen der effektiven Regenerationsbremskraft und der maximalen Regenerationsbremskraft, die der Maximalwert für die Regenerationsbremskraft ist, die durch eine Regenerationsbremsvorrichtung erzeugt werden kann, auf oder unter einen Bestimmungsschwellenwert fällt; und eine Schwellenwerteinstelleinheit zum Einstellen des Bestimmungsschwellenwerts auf der Grundlage des angeforderten Bremskraftgradienten, falls die Fluidmenge innerhalb der Hydraulikkammer unter einer vorgegebenen Menge liegt, und zum Einstellen des Bestimmungsschwellenwerts auf der Grundlage des Ziel-Hydraulikbremskraftgradienten, falls die Fluidmenge innerhalb der Hydraulikkammer auf oder über der vorgegebenen Menge liegt.
id-JP2019533415A    abstract-本発明は、電力変換装置を用いた電気エネルギー貯蔵器の充電に関する。本発明では、電力変換装置が、電力変換装置と充電される電気エネルギー貯蔵器との間の電気的接続を監視する。電力変換装置と電気エネルギー貯蔵器との間の電気的接続の遮断、例えば電気エネルギー貯蔵器と電力変換装置との間の断路器の開放が検出された場合には、電力変換装置による、電気エネルギー貯蔵器を充電するための電気エネルギーの更なる提供が即時に止められる。このようにして、電力変換装置での危険な過度の電圧上昇が回避されうる。【選択図】図１
id-KR101936989B1    abstract-본 발명은 고가의 전자식 제동장치를 탑재하지 않고도 차량의 정지상태를 유지 가능한 기술에 관한 것으로, 본 발명에서는 차량의 주행상황을 바탕으로 차량의 정지조건을 만족하는 경우, 제어부가 차량을 정지하도록 제어하고; 차량의 정지시, 제어부가 구동모터의 속도를 O으로 제어하여 차량의 정지상태를 유지하는 것을 특징으로 하는 차량용 스마트 크루즈 컨트롤 시스템 제어방법이 소개된다.
id-CN106809024A    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统和方法及列车，该系统包括：牵引网、列车和储能电站；列车包括：电制动器；电池；充电电容；配电器，配电器和电制动器相连，配电器和电制动器之间具有节点；第一双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与电池相连，其另一端与节点相连；第二双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与充电电容相连，其另一端与节点相连；第一控制器，其用于在列车制动时根据牵引网的电压控制电池或充电电容对列车的制动电能进行吸收；储能电站，其与牵引网相连，储能电站的第二控制器根据牵引网的电压控制储能电站进行充电或放电。本发明通过监测牵引网的电压控制电池、充电电容和储能电站的充放电，实现了制动电能的回收和再利用，有效地节约了能源。
id-CN106809025A    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统、用于列车调度的控制中心以及方法，系统包括：牵引网；列车，其包括电制动器；电池；配电器，配电器和电制动器相连；双向DC/DC变换器；第一控制器，其中，第一控制器用于在列车制动时控制配电器和双向DC/DC变换器将制动电能回馈至牵引网；与牵引网相连的多个储能电站，储能电站包括第二控制器，第二控制器用于在牵引网的电压小于第一预设阈值时控制储能电站向牵引网进行放电；控制中心，用于获取多个储能电站的电量，并根据多个储能电站的电量进行放电功率分配。由此，可控制多个储能电站均衡、协调工作，在控制多个储能电站充分放电的同时，有效防止储能电站过放，确保储能电池的寿命。
id-CN106809026B    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统和方法，该系统包括：牵引网；储能电站，储能电站与牵引网相连，储能电站包括双向DC/DC变换器和控制器，控制器用于根据牵引网的电压控制双向DC/DC变换器以控制储能电站进行充电或放电。本发明实施例通过储能电站对制动电能进行吸收，从而实现了制动电能的回收和再利用，减少了能源浪费，降低牵引网的负载，且有效地监控牵引网的电压，保护系统的零部件，避免了牵引网上的电器损坏，提高了系统的安全性。本发明实施例还提出了一种储能电站和一种用于列车调度的控制中心。
id-CN106335373A    abstract-本发明涉及一种煤矿井下四轮独立驱动电动车制动能量回收系统及方法，该系统的右前轮轮毂电机、左前轮轮毂电机、左后轮轮毂电机、右后轮轮毂电机分别由对应的左前轮轮毂电机驱动器、右前轮轮毂电机驱动器、左后轮轮毂电机驱动器、右后轮轮毂电机驱动器电连接进行独立驱动；左前轮轮毂电机驱动器、右前轮轮毂电机驱动器、左后轮轮毂电机驱动器、右后轮轮毂电机驱动器与直流高压母线电连接。它解决了现有煤矿井下电动车续驶里程短的问题。
id-WO2018056190A1    abstract-本開示の電源装置は、第１蓄電素子と、前記第１蓄電素子に並列に接続され、前記第１蓄電素子よりも内部抵抗が小さく、前記第１蓄電素子より蓄電容量が小さい、第２蓄電素子と、前記第１蓄電素子と前記第２蓄電素子との間に接続され、前記遮断状態と前記接続状態とが切り替わる開閉部と、前記第１蓄電素子の入力経路に接続され、降圧動作を行う充電回路と、前記第２蓄電素子の出力経路に接続され、昇圧動作を行う放電回路と、前記開閉部と前記充電回路と前記放電回路との動作を制御する制御部と、を有する。
id-CN106809032B    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统和方法，该系统包括：牵引网、列车和储能电站，列车包括：电制动器；电池；配电器，其和电制动器相连，两者之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与电池相连，其另一端与节点相连；第一控制器，其用于在列车制动时控制配电器和双向DC/DC变换器将制动电能回馈至牵引网；储能电站，其与牵引网相连，储能电站包括第二控制器，第二控制器用于在牵引网的电压小于第一预设阈值时控制储能电站向牵引网进行放电。本发明通过监测牵引网的电压控制电池和储能电站的充放电，实现了制动电能的回收和再利用，有效地节约了能源，且有效地控制牵引网的电压，提高了安全性。
id-CN106809022A    abstract-本发明公开了列车的制动回收系统和方法及控制列车运行的控制中心，该系统包括：牵引网，与牵引网相连的多个列车和储能电站，及控制中心，每个列车包括：电制动器；电池；配电器，其和电制动器相连，两者之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与电池相连，其另一端与节点相连；第一控制器，其用于在列车制动时控制配电器和双向DC/DC变换器将制动电能回馈至牵引网；控制中心，其用于获取当前运行的列车的数量，并根据列车的数量控制列车的电池和储能电站进行吸收。本发明实施例通过列车上的电池和储能电站吸收制动电能，实现了制动电能的回收和再利用，减少了能源浪费，降低了牵引网的负载，并减少了每个列车上电池的使用，降低了能耗，节约了成本。
id-CN106809031A    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统、用于列车调度的控制中心以及方法，所述系统包括：牵引网，所述牵引网包括多个区段；列车，所述列车包括：电制动器；电池；配电器，所述配电器和所述电制动器相连，所述配电器和所述电制动器之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，所述双向DC/DC变换器的一端与所述电池相连，所述双向DC/DC变换器的另一端与所述节点相连；第一控制器；控制中心，用于获取运行在所述牵引网上多个列车的运行状态，并判断列车是否出现接触故障，以及在判断所述列车出现接触故障时，控制所述列车的电池进行放电以为所述列车进行供电。由此，本发明实施例在列车出现接触故障无法从牵引网取电时，使用列车的电池进行供电，确保列车正常运行。
id-US20180083252A1    abstract-An assembled battery includes non-aqueous electrolyte batteries laminated with each other and at least one lead being interposed between two adjacent batteries. The lead is connected to the two adjacent batteries and has an area larger than that of a side surface of each battery, the side surface being opposing to the lead. Each battery includes at least one positive electrode, at least one negative electrode and a non-aqueous electrolyte. The positive electrode includes a current collector and positive electrode active material layers provided on both side surfaces of the collector. The negative electrode includes a negative electrode current collector and negative electrode active material layers provided on both side surfaces of the collector.
id-CN106364330A    abstract-本发明适用于机电领域，提供了一种针对能量反馈的电机矢量控制方法、装置及电动车，该方法包括：电机在进入能量反馈制动模式后，设置I q 为一负值；判断电池是否处于充电饱和状态；若否，则控制I d ＝0；若是，则控制I d 为一负值；根据I q 、I d 进行矢量控制，控制电机实现能量反馈。本发明在电机制动时，控制I q 为一负值，并在电池充电未饱和时控制I d ＝0，在电池充电饱和时控制I d 为某一负值，再根据I q 、I d 进行矢量控制，实现能量反馈，在不增加电机控制器元件的条件下，在制动时不会使电池产生过压问题，也不会导致过压保护或过流保护后，无法产生制动力的问题。
id-CN106809027A    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统和方法及列车，该系统包括：牵引网、列车和储能电站，列车包括：电制动器；充电电容；配电器，其和电制动器相连，两者之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与充电电容相连，其另一端与该节点相连；第一控制器，其用于在列车制动时根据牵引网的电压控制双向DC/DC变换器以使充电电容对列车制动电能进行吸收；储能电站，其与牵引网相连，储能电站包括第二控制器，第二控制器用于根据牵引网的电压进行充电或放电。本发明实施例通过列车上的充电电容和储能电站对制动电能进行吸收，从而实现了制动电能的回收和再利用，减少了能源浪费，降低牵引网的负载,并有效地监控了牵引网的电压，保护系统零部件，提高了系统安全性。
id-CN107878206B    abstract-本发明提供一种制动能源回收模块，适用于一电动车。电动车更包括一马达模块与一电池模块。制动能源回收模块包括一第一侦测单元、一讯号译码器、一功率转换单元以及一控制单元。第一侦测单元电性连接于马达模块，用于侦测马达模块之一第一电压。讯号译码器，根据马达模块的多个运作讯号，产生一第一讯号与一第二讯号。功率转换单元电性连接于马达模块与电池模块。控制单元电性连接第一侦测单元、讯号译码器以及功率转换单元。控制单元根据第一电压、第一讯号以及第二讯号，控制功率转换单元调整第一电压，来产生第二电压给电池模块。本发明可侦测电动车状态，提供对电池模块更有利的充电方式；并且不须更改原系统设定，方便安装，有利于大量生产。
id-CN106809028B    abstract-本发明公开了列车的制动回收装置和方法及列车，该装置包括：电制动器；配电器，其和电制动器相连，两者之间具有节点；电池；第一双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与电池相连，其另一端与该节点相连；充电电容；第二双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与充电电容相连，其另一端与该节点相连；检测器，用于检测牵引网的电压；控制器，用于在制动时控制配电器、第一双向DC/DC变换器和第二双向DC/DC变换器将制动电能回馈至牵引网，以及根据牵引网的电压控制第一双向DC/DC变换器和第二双向DC/DC变换器，以选择电池或充电电容对制动电能进行吸收。本发明实施例通过列车上的电池和充电电容对制动电能进行吸收，从而实现了制动电能的回收和再利用，减少了能源浪费，降低牵引网的负载。
id-CN106494237A    abstract-本发明涉及一种纯电动汽车再生制动能量回收系统，飞轮组一端通过电磁离合器与力矩转速传感器、电机顺序连接，所述的飞轮组另一端通过磁粉离合器与变速器、制动器顺序连接；制动踏板与制动器连接，所述的制动踏板与制动器之间安装制动踏板行程传感器；蓄电池组通过电机控制器与电机电连接，蓄电池组控制器与蓄电池组电连接；总控制器与电机控制器、蓄电池组控制器、电磁离合器、磁粉离合器、制动踏板行程传感器、力矩转速传感器电连接。纯电动汽车开发人员可以根据不同的汽车负载及车型，选择不同控制策略，研究汽车在不同制动模式下的能量回收情况，解决纯电动汽车开发时监测再生制动的难题。
id-CN106809034B    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统和方法，该系统包括：牵引网、列车、储能电站和控制中心；该列车包括：电制动器；电池；配电器；双向DC/DC变换器；第一控制器，其在列车制动时控制配电器和双向DC/DC变换器将制动电能回馈至牵引网，并在牵引网的电压大于第一预设阈值时，控制电池对列车的制动电能进行吸收；储能电站，其包括第二控制器，在牵引网的电压大于第二预设阈值时，第二控制器控制储能电站进行充电；控制中心，其检测牵引网的电压，并在牵引网的电压大于第三预设阈值时控制非制动列车中的电池进行充电。本发明通过监测牵引网的电压控制电池、储能电站和非制动列车中的电池吸收制动电能，有效地节约了能源。
id-US20180079312A1    abstract-A smart braking system for a vehicle is provided. The smart braking system selectively activates a braking system of the vehicle when the smart braking system detects a scenario in which it is likely that a constant vehicle speed, rather than an increasing vehicle speed, would be desired by a driver. In one example, a driver releases an accelerator while the vehicle is on a decline but the vehicle accelerates anyway. In this instance, the smart braking system records the speed of the vehicle when the accelerator is released and applies the braking system to maintain the speed of the vehicle at the recorded speed while the vehicle is on the decline. The smart braking system stops activating the braking system upon detecting that braking is no longer needed to slow down the vehicle.
id-WO2018064684A1    abstract-Some implementations include a magnetic energy conversion system comprising a magnet rotor assembly having one or more magnets radially spaced apart, wherein the magnet rotor assembly is configured to be attached to a driveshaft of a vehicle, and a stator assembly having one or more electrical coils, wherein the stator assembly includes a housing and one or more electrical coils, wherein the housing is configured to be placed around the driveshaft of the vehicle and around the magnet rotor assembly attached to the driveshaft so that the one or more electrical coils are in the field of the one or more magnets at least temporarily when the magnet rotor assembly rotates when the driveshaft of the vehicle turns.
id-WO2018056270A1    abstract-従動輪での駆動アシスト、回生制動、発電が行えて、走行性能、制動性能、燃料消費量等の車両性能を向上させることができ、かつ補助駆動力を得るための構造が簡易で済み、車両重量の増大も抑えることができる車両動力補助システムを提供する。内燃機関等の主駆動源(5)と機械的に非連結である従動輪(4)を持つ車両に適用される。従動輪(4)が、走行補助用の電動発電機(8)が搭載された車輪用軸受(31)で支持される。電動発電機(8)は、ロータが車輪用軸受(31)の回転側輪に増減速手段を介することなく直接固定される。電動発電機(8)が発電した回生電力を蓄電しその蓄電した電力を電動発電機(8)に給電する蓄電手段(19)を備える。
id-EP3308997A1    abstract-Kraftfahrzeug, umfassend wenigstens eine Antriebsstrangkomponente (10, 11) und/oder wenigstens ein Radlager (12), wobei eine zum Erwärmen der Antriebsstrangkomponente (10, 11) und/oder des Radlagers (12) ausgebildete Heizeinrichtung (8), eine Rekuperationsbremse (2) und ein Gleichspannungswandler (7) vorgesehen sind, welcher eingangsseitig mit der Rekuperationsbremse (2) und ausgangsseitig mit der Heizeinrichtung (8) verbunden und zur Absenkung einer Spannungslage einer von der Rekuperationsbremse (2) bereitgestellten Rekuperationsleistung ausgebildet ist.
id-CN106379304A    abstract-本发明公开了一种电动教练车的制动方法，利用电动机来模拟发动机的制动模式，包括滑行制动与停车制动，既能保证驾驶员的驾驶感觉与传统燃油车相同或相似，而且停车制动力的加入也能制止车辆熄火后车辆溜车，防止车辆失控等事故的发生，同时也推动电动车在教练车上的应用。
id-CN106809035A    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统和方法及列车，该系统包括：牵引网、列车和储能电站，其中，储能电站与牵引网相连，储能电站包括第二控制器，第二控制器用于在牵引网的电压大于第二预设阈值时，控制储能电站进行充电；列车包括：电制动器；电池；配电器，其和电制动器相连，两者之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与电池相连，其另一端与节点相连；第一控制器，其用于在列车制动时控制配电器和双向DC/DC变换器将制动电能回馈至牵引网，以及在牵引网的电压大于第一预设阈值时，控制双向DC/DC变换器通过电池吸收制动电能。本发明通过监测牵引网的电压控制电池和储能电站吸收制动电能，有效地节约了能源，且有效地控制牵引网的电压，提高了安全性。
id-WO2018047333A1    abstract-バッテリから供給される電力から、車両に搭載される負荷を駆動させるための負荷用電力を生成し、前記生成した前記負荷用電力を前記負荷に供給する制御装置であって、前記バッテリからの電力の供給が遮断された場合には、前記車両の走行用のモータで発生した回生電力を用いて前記負荷用電力を生成する電源回路を備える。
id-US20180086435A1    abstract-A power supply apparatus for an aerospace actuator includes motor drive electronics for actuation of a motor for control of the aerospace actuator, and an energy storage device. The motor drive electronics are configured to receive input electrical energy from an aircraft power grid, receive electrical energy from the energy storage device and provide electrical energy from the grid and/or from the energy storage device to the motor. The energy storage device is configured to store at least one of: excess electrical energy supplied to the motor drive electronics from the grid and regenerated electrical energy from the motor drive electronics. The energy storage device is configured to discharge the stored energy as electrical energy to the motor drive electronics when required.
id-EP3522349A1    abstract-A power conversion device for a railroad vehicle according to one embodiment of the present invention is configured such that a first power conversion device for converting first DC power from a DC power source into AC power, and a second power conversion device for converting the first DC power into second DC power having a voltage level different from the voltage level of the first DC power and for storing the second DC power in a power storage means, are connected in parallel to the DC power source. The power conversion device controls the second power conversion device on the basis of a charging/discharging control command for the power storage means, and a voltage oscillation component superimposed on the first DC power. As a result, a resonance phenomenon in a DC section, to which the first and second power conversion devices are connected in parallel, can be prevented without adjusting control parameters and circuits of the first power conversion device. Consequently, emergency travel and effective utilization of power can be easily achieved by mounting a power storage device in an existing vehicle drive system, for example.
id-WO2018064622A1    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-CN106274502A    abstract-一种电动汽车再生制动控制结构及其控制方法，控制结构包括串联安装在制动总阀出气制动管路上的多个压力传感器，压力传感器具有不同的开启气压，压力传感器均通过控制器连接电机，控制器根据不同压力传感器动作对应控制电机输出相应转矩以回收制动能量。所述压力传感器以制动总阀为基准由近至远开启气压依次递增。控制方法包括通过具有不同开启气压的压力传感器采集制动总阀出气制动管路上气压的步骤；根据所动作的压力传感器通过控制器对应控制电机输出不同大小的设定转矩以回收制动能量的步骤。本发明根据不同压力传感器动作来判断驾驶员制动意图，针对轻制动、中度制动或强制动对应控制电机输出相应转矩以回收制动能量，提高制动能量回收效率。
id-CN109715430A    abstract-制动装置(1)具有第一制动机构(2)、第二制动机构(3)、发电机(4)、以及控制部(5)。第一制动机构(2)对作为前轮与后轮的一方的第一车轮(12)进行制动。第二制动机构(3)对作为前轮与后轮的另一方的第二车轮(13)进行制动。发电机(4)被设为能够向第二车轮(13)传递制动力。控制部(5)控制发电机(4)向第二车轮(13)传递的制动力即发电机制动力。控制部(5)构成为，在处于第一状态时，相比于处于第二状态时，进行增大发电机制动力的控制。
id-DE102016116538A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft einen Antriebstrang (10) für ein Kraftfahrzeug (100), insbesondere Elektrofahrzeug (101), mit zwei antreibbaren Achsen (1, 2) sowie ein Verfahren und ein Kraftfahrzeug (100). Eine erste Achse (1) ist über einen ersten Triebstrang (11) durch eine elektrische Antriebsmaschine (3) antreibbar ist. Ein zweiter Triebstrang (12) zum Antreiben einer zweiten Achse (2) ist über eine steuerbare Kupplungseinrichtung (4) mit dem ersten Triebstrang (11) koppelbar. Dabei ist dem zweiten Triebstrang (12) eine schaltbare Getriebeeinheit (5) zugeordnet ist, welche dazu geeignet und ausgebildet ist, mittels einer Übersetzungsänderung ein Vorzeichen einer Differenzdrehzahl der beiden Triebstränge (11, 12) zu verändern.
id-CN106809033A    abstract-本发明公开了一种列车的制动回收系统和方法及列车，该系统包括：牵引网和列车，列车包括：电制动器；电池；配电器，其和电制动器相连，两者之间具有节点；双向DC/DC变换器，其一端与电池相连，其另一端与该节点相连；第一控制器，其用于在列车制动时控制配电器和双向DC/DC变换器将制动电能回馈至牵引网，并根据牵引网的电压控制双向DC/DC变换器通过电池对列车的制动电能进行吸收，以及在无法从牵引网获取电能时，控制配电器断开并控制双向DC/DC变换器以使电池为列车供电。本发明实施例通过列车上的电池对制动电能进行吸收，并通过电池对列车进行应急驱动，从而实现了制动电能的回收和再利用，减少了能源浪费，且避免了列车半路抛锚引起的调度困难的问题。
id-CN106364332A    abstract-本发明提供了一种电力机车制动系统及其控制方法，涉及电力机车传动控制领域，解决了现有技术中由于能量回馈制动与电阻制动的差异，单独调节励磁的控制方法无法实现对电枢电流的稳定调节的问题。系统包括牵引电机(10)、主变压器(20)、能量回馈装置(30)、励磁调节系统(40)和电枢调节系统(50)，励磁调节系统包括励磁整流桥(41)和整流控制装置(42)，整流控制装置用于控制励磁整流桥；电枢调节系统包括电枢调节器(52)、电流调节装置(51)和电枢电流传感器(53)，电枢电流传感器用于检测电枢电流；电枢调节器用于控制电流调节装置；电流调节装置用于调节电枢电流。本发明实施例主要应用于电力机车的制动过程。
id-KR101862301B1    abstract-본 발명은 기관차의 주행에 따라 철로를 주행하는 대차(bogie)에서 회생전력을 발생시켜 역사의 전기실로 전송함은 물론 철도차량이 주행하는 초기에 회생전력으로 대차를 가속시켜 기관차의 부하를 경감시키는 것으로서 대차가 감속운전을 할 경우에 회생전력을 발생하고 상기 대차가 가속운전을 할 경우에 상기 대차의 주행을 가속하는 발전/전동기와, 상기 발전/전동기가 발생하는 회생전력을 직류전력으로 변환하는 직류전력 변환부와, 상기 직류전력 변환부가 변환한 직류전력을 충전 및 방전하는 직류전력 저장수단과, 상기 직류전력 저장수단에 저장된 직류전력을 교류전력으로 변환한 후 상기 발전/전동기에 공급하여 상기 대차를 가속하게 하는 교류전력 변환부와, 상기 철도차량이 감속운전을 할 경우에 상기 발전/전동기에서 발생하는 회생전력을 상기 직류전력 변환부가 직류전력으로 변환하여 상기 직류전력 저장수단에 충전하게 제어하고, 상기 대차가 가속운전을 할 경우에 상기 직류전력 저장수단에 저장된 직류전력을 상기 교류전력 변환부가 교류전력으로 변환한 후 상기 발전/전동기에 공급하여 상기 대차를 가속시키게 제어하는 제어부를 포함하는 회생전력을 이용한 대차의 제어 시스템에 관한 것이다.
id-DE102016011855A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Bestimmung einer Betriebsstrategie zum Einsatz einer elektrischen Energie für einen Antrieb eines Hybridfahrzeugs (10), mit der eine vorgegebene Wegstrecke zeitoptimiert durchfahren werden kann, wobei die vorgegebene Wegstrecke in Segmente (26, 27, 28, 29, 30) unterteilt wird, wobei für jedes der Segmente (26, 27, 28, 29, 30) eine Teillösung berechnet wird, wobei die Teillösungen zu der Betriebsstrategie kombiniert werden, sowie eine Vorrichtung zur Durchführung eines Verfahrens zur Bestimmung einer Betriebsstrategie für ein Hybridfahrzeug (10).
id-CN109070877B    abstract-本发明的课题在于提供一种车辆的转弯控制装置，其可在轮胎力饱和之前，于早期使车辆姿势稳定，另外可最佳地控制车辆的转弯性能。该车辆的转弯控制装置控制车辆的转弯性能，该车辆具有可独立地控制各车轮(2)的制驱动转矩的制驱动源。该装置包括：横摆力矩控制装置(14)，该横摆力矩控制装置(14)控制车辆所产生的横摆力矩；滑移判断装置(34)，该滑移判断装置(34)根据车辆的车轮(2)的角速度、角加速度与车辆的车速，判断路面状态。横摆力矩控制装置(14)具有计算控制增益的控制增益计算机构(26)；目标横摆角速度计算机构(25)，该目标横摆角速度计算机构(25)根据车速、操舵角与控制增益，计算目标横摆角速度；横摆力矩计算机构(27)，该横摆力矩计算机构(27)对应于目标横摆角速度，计算各车轮(2)的制驱动转矩。控制增益计算机构(26)根据滑移判断装置(34)的判断结果计算控制增益。
id-US10604022B2    abstract-A control apparatus for an electric vehicle provided with an electric motor serving as a drive power source, and a step-variable transmission disposed in a power transmitting path between the electric motor and drive wheels, the control apparatus having a first control mode in which acceleration and deceleration of the vehicle are controlled on the basis of operations by an operator of the vehicle to accelerate and decelerate the vehicle, and a second control mode in which the acceleration and deceleration of the vehicle are automatically adjusted according to a target running state of the vehicle, irrespective of the operations of the operator, the control apparatus including a shift-down action initiating condition setting portion configured to set a shift-down action initiating condition for initiating a shift-down action of the step-variable transmission during a regenerative decelerating run of the vehicle, according to a torque-related value related to a regenerative torque generated by the electric motor, and a running speed of the vehicle. The shift-down action initiating condition setting portion sets the shift-down action initiating condition such that the shift-down action is initiated at a higher value of the running speed of the vehicle during the regenerative decelerating run in the second control mode, than in the first control mode.
id-CN106347138B    abstract-本发明提供了一种纯电动汽车的能量回收控制方法、装置及纯电动汽车，该方法包括：判断纯电动汽车是否进入滑行工况；当判断结果为是时，获取所述纯电动汽车的行驶速度和加速踏板的第一开度，并确定所述行驶速度所属的第一速度区间；根据预先设置的速度区间与电机扭矩曲线的对应关系，确定与所述第一速度区间对应的第一电机扭矩曲线，并根据所述加速踏板的第一开度，从所述第一电机扭矩曲线中获取与所述第一开度相对应的扭矩值；根据所述扭矩值，控制所述纯电动汽车的电机输出状态，进行能量回收。本发明可在滑行工况下基于加速踏板开度进行能量回收，克服了现有技术中不能利用加速踏板对滑行能量回收进行控制的缺点，提高了驾驶员的驾驶感受。
id-US20180111497A1    abstract-The present invention provides a power allocation method for an electric vehicle, which comprises: obtaining parameters for estimation from a power management system of the vehicle; b) estimating an available discharge power of the battery based on the obtained parameters for estimation; c) based on the available discharge power and power demands from a plurality of electric power demanding components of the vehicle, determining the power to be allocated for each of the plurality of power demanding components; d) outputting the allocated power to the electric power demanding components, and in the case the power is required to be converted into a torque, converting the allocated power into a torque and outputting the torque. A power allocation system is also provided.
id-US10442313B2    abstract-A charge controller for an electric mining vehicle is configured to determine an amount of charge to be provided to a battery of the electric mining vehicle for an upcoming trip based on regenerative braking power generation and load indication measured during a previous trip. The charge controller is further configured to command a battery charger to charge the battery up to the determined amount of charge and to stop charging the battery once the determined amount of charge has been reached.
id-US10730394B2    abstract-An electromechanical integrated machine (EIM) according to an exemplary aspect of the present disclosure includes, among other things, an internal rotor coupled to a vehicle wheel and an external rotor coupled to a flywheel. An electrified vehicle according to an exemplary aspect of the present disclosure includes, among other things, a first EIM associated with a first wheel, a second EIM associated with a second wheel, a battery having energy to power the first and second wheels, and a flywheel to receive energy from the first and second EIMs during braking. Each EIM includes an internal rotor coupled to the respective first or second wheel and an external rotor coupled to the flywheel.
id-US10593970B2    abstract-An output performance recovering device for a fuel cell includes: a diagnosis unit configured to determine whether it is necessary to recover a catalyst of a fuel cell mounted as a power source for traveling in a vehicle from short-term performance deterioration; a recovery unit configured to control a voltage of the fuel cell and to perform recovery processing for recovering the catalyst from the short-term performance deterioration; a calculation unit configured to calculate a parameter correlated with a predicted output value of the fuel cell which has been predicted to be output on a scheduled traveling route of the vehicle based on a gradient of the scheduled traveling route of the vehicle and a predicted vehicle speed of the vehicle on the scheduled traveling route; and a determination unit configured to determine whether the parameter indicates the predicted output value is greater than a first threshold value.
id-DE102017216831A1    abstract-Ein Antriebsaggregat für ein Arbeitsfahrzeug umfasst einen Elektromotor, der ausgebildet ist, eine Antriebswelle zu rotieren, und einen Getriebezug, der ausgebildet ist, Drehmoment zwischen der Antriebswelle und einer Abtriebswelle zu übertragen. Das Antriebsaggregat umfasst ebenfalls ein Kupplungsglied, das über eine eingekoppelte Position und eine ausgekoppelte Position verfügt. Das Kupplungsglied ist ausgebildet, eine Drehmomentübertragung zwischen der Antriebswelle und der Abtriebswelle zu erlauben, wenn es sich in der eingekuppelten Position befindet. Das Kupplungsglied ist ausgebildet, eine Drehmomentübertragung zwischen der Antriebswelle und der Abtriebswelle zu verhindern, wenn es sich in der ausgekuppelten Position befindet. Das Kupplungsglied ist in Richtung der ausgekuppelten Position vorgespannt, um eine Drehmomentübertragung in einer Richtung von der Abtriebswelle zur Antriebswelle hin bei Drehzahlüberschreitung des Antriebsaggregates zu verhindern.
id-CN106627166B    abstract-本发明涉及电动汽车设计领域，尤其涉及一种双轴驱动纯电动汽车再生制动策略的生成方法，其首先根据前后电机的MAP图来计算前后轴轮上不同转速n和前后轴轮上不同再生制动转矩需求T所对应的前轮再生制动力矩占总再生制动力矩的比例系数,所述比例系数使得前后电机系统的利用效率最高，然后根据整车参数、ECE制动安全法规以及理想制动分配曲线来计算制动安全区域，最后根据所述比例系数和所述制动安全区域生成再生制动策略，所述再生制动策略使得再生制动能量回收效率最高，这样充分考虑了前后轴再生制动力的分配对能量回收的影响，从而回收更多的制动能量。
id-CN106427597A    abstract-本发明提供了一种制动系统的控制方法及控制装置，该制动系统的控制方法包括：获取电池管理系统输出的当前的电池状态信号；根据所述电池状态信号，将需求制动扭矩分配给驱动电机和液压制动单元，并由所述驱动电机根据该驱动电机被分配的第一需求制动扭矩和所述液压制动单元根据该液压制动单元被分配的第二需求制动扭矩对车辆进行控制。本发明实施例的制动系统的控制方法及控制装置首先根据当前制动信号，解析驾驶员的制动需求并计算得到需求制动扭矩，之后根据电池与电机状态，合理的向驱动电机和液压制动单元分配制动扭矩。
id-CN106347162B    abstract-基于超级电容的电动赛车混合动力电源管理控制系统及方法，属于赛车电源管理领域，用于解决行驶的电动赛车在不同阶段时其电源供电驱动需求不同的问题，技术要点是：驱动模式控制系统通过CAN总线分别与复合电源管理系统和车况、环境信息采集系统连接，复合电源管理系统通过CAN总线分别与动力电池组、双向DC/DC变换器、超级电容连接；所述超级电容与双向DC/DC变换器连接，超级电容通过双向DC/DC变换器与动力电池组并联接入能量输出直流母线。效果是：本发明在数据采集的基础上，选择相应的控制策略，对供电驱动以选择，从而在对供电需求高时，及时切换供电驱动方式。
id-AU2017353698B2    abstract-A vehicle control system determines an upper non-zero limit on deceleration of a vehicle to prevent rollback of the vehicle down a grade being traveled up on by the vehicle. The upper non-zero limit on deceleration is determined by the controller based on a payload carried by the vehicle, a speed of the vehicle, and a grade of a route being traveled upon by the vehicle. The controller is configured to monitor the deceleration of the vehicle, and to automatically prevent the deceleration of the vehicle from exceeding the upper non-zero limit by controlling one or more of a brake or a motor of the vehicle. The controller also is configured to one or more of actuate the brake or supply current to the motor of the vehicle to prevent rollback of the vehicle while the vehicle is moving up the grade at a non-zero speed.
id-CN107985302A    abstract-本发明涉及车辆。车辆包括蓄电装置、电动机和电子控制单元。电子控制单元被构造成控制蓄电装置的充电和放电，使得荷电状态变为目标荷电状态，确定由于盐浓度的不均匀性引起的蓄电装置的劣化程度是否等于或大于预定程度，当劣化程度等于或大于预定程度并且荷电状态等于或小于预定要求荷电状态时，设定目标荷电状态，使得目标荷电状态单调地增加，并且将该单调增加的增加量或增加速率设定为随着劣化程度更大而更大。
id-CN107896052B    abstract-提供转换装置、设备及控制方法，即使在传感器存在不可避免的误差也不影响原有功能即电压转换的稳定性就能降低多个相间的相电流偏流。转换装置具备：转换模块，具有多个相，该多个相并联连接，该相具有能进行电源放电电力的电压转换的转换部和检测流经转换部的相电流的传感器；及控制部，通过根据规定占空比的控制信号控制转换部。控制部具有：第一决定部，对全部多个相决定共用的基本占空比；第二决定部，按每个转换部决定校正基本占空比的校正占空比；及生成部，生成根据基本占空比及校正占空比的控制信号。第二决定部根据流经多个转换部的相电流的差分决定校正占空比，根据流经转换模块的总电流或目标电流大小设定校正占空比的上限值或下限值。
id-CN108011552B    abstract-本申请公开了电动机驱动控制方法和系统及控制电动机的驱动的方法。提供了一种用于将电动机的转速控制为电动机的测量转速值遵循速度命令值的电动机驱动控制方法。电动机驱动控制方法包括接通/断开驱动操作，基于速度命令值驱动电动机的转矩使得电动机的转矩以预设周期和占空比反复接通/断开。电动机驱动控制方法和系统可以通过降低逆变器在高速电动机的低速驱动期间的开关损耗和电流纹波损耗来显著提高电动机的效率。
id-US10005446B2    abstract-A method for controlling a state of charge (SOC) of a battery for a cruise travel of a hybrid vehicle includes predicting, by a controller, the SOC of the battery including a change slope of the SOC of the battery for the cruise travel based on a measured value of the SOC. The method includes determining, by the controller, whether the predicted SOC of the battery is equal to or greater than a maximum value of a normal range of the battery when the change slope of the SOC is greater than zero. The method includes driving, by the controller, only a driving motor of the hybrid vehicle whereby the driving motor uses electric power of the battery when the predicted SOC of the battery reaches the maximum value of the normal range of the battery. The normal range of the battery is a region required for the cruise travel of the hybrid vehicle.
id-CN106515700A    abstract-本发明涉及车辆制动技术领域，具体涉及一种汽车电机制动与电磁制动集成式制动执行机构，包括电磁离合器、再生电机、电磁制动器、行星齿轮机构及冷却风扇等，电磁制动器与再生电机集成于一体。当汽车制动时，电子控制单元优先控制电磁离合器接合，车轮通过行星齿轮机构、电磁离合器带动再生电机转子转动，将汽车制动能量转变为电能并提供制动力矩。当再生电机提供的制动力矩不够时，电子控制单元控制电磁制动器工作。本发明取消了传统的摩擦制动装置，具有结构紧凑、布置方便、动态特性好及易于集成控制等优点，再生电机回收的制动能量可直接驱动电磁制动器工作，且产生的制动转矩可以分担汽车制动负荷而降低电磁制动器工作造成的能源消耗。
id-US20180099581A1    abstract-A system for the recovery of kinetic energy, such as the energy from a rotating wheel of a vehicle, comprises a first electric motor/generator rotationally connected to at least one kinetic energy input; a battery; an electric/hydraulic regen system comprising a second electric motor/generator; and an electrical drive regen controller. The controller is configured to proportion electrical energy, generated from rotation of the first electric motor/generator, between the battery and the second electric motor/generator, based in part on the rate of charging capability of the battery. In this way, energy that would normally be lost as dissipated heat is directed to an electric/hydraulic regen system and stored. A method for the recovery of kinetic energy, utilizing such a system comprising: rotating a first electric motor/generator via one or more kinetic energy input to generate an electric current; transmitting the electric current to an electrical drive regen controller; and splitting the electric current between a battery and a second electric motor/generator via the electrical drive regen controller.
id-KR20180045183A    abstract-본 발명은 주행 경로 상에 고저차를 고려하여, 차량의 주행모드를 설정하는바, 연산시점부터 내리막 도로 까지 사용되는 SOC량과 내리막 도로 구간에서 차량의 회생제동을 통해 회수되는 SOC량을 고려하여 연산시점부터 내리막 도로 구간까지 차량의 CD 주행모드를 수행하도록 설정하는 기술에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 일 실시 예에 따른 플러그인 하이브리드 차량의 주행모드 변환 제어장치 및 제어방법은 차량의 목적지 입력에 따라 구배를 포함하는 주행 경로를 출력하는 내비게이션; 상기 내비게이션으로부터 주행 경로를 수신하고, 고전압배터리의 충전량을 고려하여 CD 주행모드 및 CS 주행모드로 상호 변환하도록 구성되는 제어부;를 포함하고, 상기 제어부는 상기 주행 경로 상의 내리막 도로 구간이 존재하는 경우, 현재 SOC가 상기 CD/CS 주행모드 변환 SOC 이하인 경우에도, 상기 내리막 도로 구간에서 CD 주행모드를 유지하도록 구성되는 플러그인 하이브리드 차량의 주행모드 변환 제어장치를 포함한다.
id-CN107972502B    abstract-本发明涉及用于对包括驱动电机的车辆的辅助电池充电的方法和装置。根据本发明的示例性实施例，用于对包括驱动电机的车辆的辅助电池充电的装置包括：检测车辆的行驶距离的行驶距离检测器；检测从特定时间起流逝的时间的定时器；检测主电池的充电状态(SOC)的主电池SOC检测器；检测辅助电池的SOC的辅助电池SOC检测器；以及由程序操作的控制器，所述程序被设置以基于行驶距离检测器、定时器、主电池SOC检测器和辅助电池SOC检测器的信号控制DC转换器的操作。
id-CN107939575A    abstract-本发明的目的在于提供一种能在大范围内辅助发动机的驱动、从而实现燃烧效率的提高的发动机驱动控制系统。发动机驱动控制系统(3)包括：电动发电机(20)，该电动发电机驱动曲轴(10)旋转；自动离合器(24)，该自动离合器将对应于发动机转速的曲轴的旋转传递到驱动轮侧；以及控制单元(2、23)，该控制单元对电动发电机的驱动进行控制。若发动机转速达到比发动机开始起动的第一转速(N1)大的第二转速(N2)，则自动离合器连接曲轴侧和驱动轮侧。在驱动电动发电机直到发动机转速达到第一转速后，控制单元停止电动发电机的驱动并变更电动发电机的驱动转矩，若发动机转速达到第二转速，则控制单元使用变更后的驱动转矩驱动电动发电。
id-US9973059B1    abstract-An energy recovery system for a machine, and particularly a multi-wheeled vehicle, includes an energy generation component housed within one of said wheel assemblies, coupled to an energy storage component which selectively receives energy from said vehicle motion effect on said energy generation component and delivers said energy to a said energy storage component. In one embodiment, said energy generation is an electric generator, and said storage component is an electric battery.
id-CN106427598A    abstract-本发明公开一种新能源电动汽车长坡半自动制动控制系统，解决新能源电动汽车在长坡行驶过程中只能通过制动系统来控制车速的问题。本发明包括整车控制器，分别与整车控制器连接并实现信号传输的电机控制器、电池组和直流斩波器，与电机控制器连接的三相电机，与三相电机连接的主减速器，以及与整车控制器连接的2挡；2挡用于长坡行驶时挂入，以使整车控制器采集当前电机控制器转速数据，并将其作为参考点后根据汽车后续长坡行驶时的实时车速确定是否控制电机控制器进行制动回馈。本发明还提供了该制动控制系统的实现方法。本发明很好地弥补了新能源电动汽车在长坡行驶方面的不足，并有效提高了车辆及人员的安全性，增强了驾驶的舒适度和体验度。
id-CN106394258A    abstract-本发明提供了一种能量回收方法、装置及车辆，其中，能量回收方法包括：获取当前能量回收阶段的基本回收扭矩和之前能量回收阶段中制动能量回收所占的时间比率；根据所述时间比率得到回收扭矩倍数；根据所述基本回收扭矩和所述回收扭矩倍数进行当前能量回收阶段的能量回收；所述时间比率为同一能量回收阶段中制动能量回收所占的时间与能量回收的总时间的比值；所述总时间包括制动能量回收的时间和滑行能量回收的时间。本方案通过根据滑行能量回收时间及制动能量回收时间，对能量回收进行修正，能够最大限度地对车辆进行合理能量回收，同时减少刹车使用次数，以增加车辆使用里程，并减少刹车磨损。
id-CN106379179A    abstract-本发明将模糊控制理论应用于电涡流缓速和能量回收装置，提供一种模糊控制的电涡流缓速及制动能量回收装置。本装置包括能量回收装置、制动踏板电压采样装置、电容电池交换电装置、电涡流缓速器刹车装置、基于单片机的模糊控制系统等五部分。电容电池符合制动能量回收能量密度大、电涡流制动能量释放密度大的要求。电位计传感器两端的输出信号的模糊规则为：电压信号分为零、正小、正中和正大4个模糊集，单片机输出信号为零、正小、正中和正大4个模糊集。该装置在刹车时，发电装置产生制动力矩，起到辅助缓速作用，克服现有电涡流缓速装置无法同时进行能量回收的缺陷和现有的能量回收装置无法有效制动的缺陷，在实现能量回收的同时，能够有效实现制动功能。
id-KR102539294B1    abstract-하이브리드 차량의 타력주행시 회생제동의 제어 장치 및 그 방법이 제공된다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 하이브리드 차량의 타력주행시 회생제동의 제어 장치는 주행중인 차량의 차량정보, 지리정보를 포함하는 교통정보, 배터리정보 및 BSG(Belt driven Starter Generator)상태정보를 수집하는 정보수집부; 차량정보 및 교통정보를 기초로 타력주행(coasting)중 감속이 필요한지의 여부를 판단하고, 차량정보, 배터리정보 및 BSG상태정보를 기초로 회생제동의 진입 가능 여부를 판단하는 회생제동 판단부; 및 판단 결과에 따라 회생제동을 수행하고, 회생제동 종료 후 타력주행으로 복귀하도록 제어하는 회생제동 실행부;를 포함한다.
id-KR101766160B1    abstract-본 발명은 배터리 유지 주행모드에서 설정된 유지목표 SOC가 최대수준으로 설정되었는지를 확인하는 목표수준확인단계와; 상기 목표수준확인단계에서 확인된 유지목표 SOC가 최대수준인 경우, 차속이 소정의 중고속차속 이상인지를 판단하는 중고속판단단계와; 상기 중고속판단단계 수행결과, 현재의 차속이 상기 중고속차속 이상인 경우, 차량의 회생제동에 의해 회수 가능한 회수예상에너지를 산출하는 에너지예상단계와; 상기 에너지예상단계에서 산출된 회수예상에너지에 상당하는 차감SOC를 상기 유지목표 SOC로부터 차감하여 상기 유지목표 SOC를 갱신하는 제1SOC보정단계;를 포함하여 구성된다.
id-KR101875914B1    abstract-본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 철도 차량에 구비되는 철도 차량용 에너지 충전 및 방전 시스템은, 전기 에너지를 저장하는 에너지 저장부, 상기 시스템의 외부로부터 직류 전력을 공급받는 연결부 및 상기 연결부를 통해 공급된 직류 전력을 에너지 저장부에 저장하거나, 상기 에너지 저장부에 저장된 에너지를 상기 연결부를 통해 상기 시스템의 외부로 환원하는 초퍼부를 포함하며, 상기 초퍼부는, 상기 연결부를 통해 공급된 직류 전력의 전압 안정화를 위한 필터부와, 제 1 초퍼 회로 및 제 2 초퍼 회로를 포함하고, 상기 필터부의 입력단은 상기 연결부에 연결되며, 상기 제 1 초퍼 회로 및 상기 제 2 초퍼 회로는 상기 필터부의 출력단과 상기 에너지 저장부 사이에 병렬로 연결됨으로써 상기 필터부를 공유할 수 있다.
id-DE102016219616A1    abstract-Kraftfahrzeug mit einer für den Fahrzeugantrieb vorgesehenen Verbrennungskraftmaschine (2), wenigstens einer als Generator betreibbaren, mechanisch mit einem Antriebsstrang (2) des Fahrzeugs (1, 10, 12) drehgekoppelten elektrischen Maschine (3, 13) zur Erzeugung elektrischer Energie, wenigstens einem Energiespeicher (4, 5, 11, 14, 15), der zur Speicherung der von der wenigstens einen elektrischen Maschine (3, 13) erzeugten elektrischen Energie mit dieser verbunden ist, wenigstens einer Reibungsbremse und wenigstens einem Steuergerät (7) zum Steuern der wenigstens einen elektrischen Maschine (3, 13) und des wenigstens einen Energiespeichers (4, 5, 11, 14, 15) sowie der wenigstens einen Reibungsbremse. Das Steuergerät (7) ist dazu eingerichtet, ein Fahrzeugverzögerungsmoment abhängig von einer von einem Benutzer des Fahrzeugs (1, 10, 12) über ein Bremsbetätigungselement (8) vorgegebenen Bremsanforderung bis zu einem maximal durch die generatorische Last der wenigstens einen elektrischen Maschine (3, 13) erzielbaren Verzögerungsmoment alleine mittels der wenigstens einen elektrischen Maschine (3, 13) bereitzustellen und die dadurch entstehende elektrische Energie in dem wenigstens einen Energiespeicher (4, 5, 11, 14, 15) zu speichern und bei einer über dieses maximal erzielbare Verzögerungsmoment hinausgehenden Bremsanforderung das zusätzliche Fahrzeugverzögerungsmoment zusätzlich auch mittels der wenigstens einen Reibungsbremse bereitzustellen.
id-CN106394879A    abstract-缓冲充电节能阻力制动装置的应用，涉及缓冲电能源转换的应用技术领域。分线盒通过控制电缆连接到电子设备舱；分线盒连接供电电缆，供电电缆连接蓄电池组；分线盒连接供电电缆，供电电缆上装有超级电容，供电电缆通过超级电容连接蓄电池组。其特征在于：当航空器降落在机场，进入滑行道滑行时，主起落架机轮通过主起落架轮轴带动齿轮箱中的齿轮转动；齿轮将动能传递给电动机，电动机将动能转化为电能，通过供电电缆将电能传至超级电容，再通过超级电容传至蓄电池组存储，存储的电能可为航空器供电；当航空器起飞时，电动机可根据航空器的供电优先级选择电源，分路电缆具有供电作用，为航空器供电。
id-KR102490717B1    abstract-하이브리드 차량의 컨버터 제어 장치 및 그 방법이 제공된다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 하이브리드 차량의 컨버터 제어 장치는 저전압 배터리 및 고전압 배터리의 충전 상태(SoC; State Of Charge) 및 전장부하의 부하값(LD)을 모니터링하는 모니터링부; 저전압 배터리의 충전 상태(SoC)와 제1충전 임계값(Th1), 고전압 배터리의 충전 상태(SoC)와 제2충전 임계값(Th3), 및 전장부하의 부하값(LD)과 부하 임계값(Th2)을 비교하는 비교부; 비교 결과에 따라 컨버터의 출력제어값을 조정할지의 여부를 판단하는 판단부; 및 판단 결과에 따라 저전압 배터리의 전장부하로의 전력 공급량이 증가하도록 컨버터의 출력제어값을 정상 제어시보다 감소시키거나, 컨버터를 통한 전력 공급량이 증가하도록 컨버터의 출력제어값을 정상 제어시보다 증가시키는 제어값 조정부;를 포함한다.
id-KR20180041597A    abstract-본 발명은 고전기 에너지 시스템 및 고전력 시스템을 포함하는 전기 에너지 저장 시스템의 작동 방법에 관한 것이고, 상기 고전기 에너지 시스템은 상기 고전력 시스템보다 더 많이 저장 가능한 전기 에너지 함량을 갖고, 상기 고전기 에너지 시스템과 상기 고전력 시스템은 서로 독립적으로 작동될 수 있고, 전기 에너지 저장 시스템의 방전 모드 동안 적어도 하기 단계들이 실시된다.  검출된 가속도 값이 미리 정의된 제 1 가속도 한계치와 비교된다.  검출된 가속도 값이 미리 정의된 제 1 가속도 한계치를 초과하지 않으면, 전기 에너지 저장 시스템에 의해 요구되는 전력과 고전기 에너지 시스템의 미리 정의된 제 1 전력 한계치의 비교가 실시된다.  상기 요구되는 전력이 미리 정의된 제 1 전력 한계치를 초과하지 않으면, 고전력 시스템의 사용 없이 고전기 에너지 시스템의 방전에 의해 상기 요구되는 전력이 제공된다.  또한, 기계 판독 가능한 저장 매체, 전자 제어 유닛 및 전기 에너지 저장 시스템 그리고 그 용도가 개시된다.
id-WO2018066625A1    abstract-回転電機制御装置（５０）は、回転電機制御部（５２）と、リレー制御部（５３）と、を備える。回転電機制御部（５２）は、車両（９０）の動力源である回転電機（３）の駆動を制御する。リレー制御部（５３）は、回転電機（３）に給電可能な電源（１０）からの給電の許容または禁止を切り替えるリレー部（１５）を制御する。回転電機制御部（５２）は、リレー部（１５）の遮断を要する異常確定前であって、リレー部（１５）を遮断する可能性があるリレーオフ準備段階において、回転電機（３）の回生量を低減させる回生量低減処理を行う。
id-CN106394257B    abstract-耦合式液压传动的节能蓄电装置的应用，其特征在于：当航空器的主起落架接地后，进入跑道滑跑时，主起落架轮的轮子转动带动主起落架轮轴转动，从而带动油马达B转动；油马达B转动使得油马达B的液压油流经下游液压管，带动油马达A，发电并充电储能，使驱动电机产生阻力，经油马达A、下游液压管、油马达B、主起落架轮轴最终传递到主起落架轮，使主起落架轮的转速减慢，起到制动的作用；当航空器减速至规定的安全速度以下时，飞行员先启动APU而后关闭发动机；驱动电机转为电动机模式，驱动电机转动带动油马达A转动，动力经下游液压管、油马达B、主起落架轮轴最终传递到主起落架轮带动主起落架轮转动，在地面正常滑行。
id-CN106379518A    abstract-缓冲充电节能阻力制动装置，涉及缓冲电能源转换的制动技术领域。其特征在于：主起落架为对称平行的两组，每组主起落架装有四个完全一样的主起落架机轮，前面两个主起落架机轮和后面两个主起落架机轮；后面的主起落架内侧连接有齿轮箱，齿轮箱连接主起落架轮轴，轴承箱连接主起落架轮轴，主起落架轮轴连接主起落架机轮；电动机连接分路电缆，分路电缆连接分线盒；分线盒通过控制电缆连接到电子设备舱；分线盒连接供电电缆，供电电缆连接蓄电池组；分线盒连接供电电缆，供电电缆上装有超级电容，供电电缆通过超级电容连接蓄电池组。较现有技术的引擎式驱动可大大节省航空燃油，降低噪音、减轻排放的特点。
id-CN106274509A    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于聚合物锂电池和超级电容的电动汽车电源，它包括充电电池、超级电容器、控制计时模块、自动能量回收系统和多个开关，多个开关分别与控制计时模块相连，充电电池与开关（1）相连，开关（1）与超级电容器相连；超级电容器与开关（2）相连，开关（2）与负载相连；控制计时模块与开关（3）相连，开关（3）与自动能量回收系统相连，控制计时模块通过开关控制相应线路的通断情况。运用本发明实现了容量密度达到280wh/kg的储能系统，超过常规储电方案200wh/kg的40%。本发明扩大了电池的容量，提高了储能系统的安全性，实现了电动汽车更远的续航里程及更高的使用效率。
id-US10328802B2    abstract-System, methods, and other embodiments described herein relate to adapting a manner of braking according to brake wear of friction brakes of a vehicle. In one embodiment, a method includes identifying whether brake wear of at least one of the friction brakes satisfies a threshold for modifying a deceleration pattern of the vehicle. The deceleration pattern indicates how regenerative brakes and the friction brakes are engaged to decelerate the vehicle individually for each wheel of the vehicle. The method includes adjusting the deceleration pattern according to at least the brake wear of the at least one of the friction brakes to transition braking from the at least one of the friction brakes to the regenerative brakes. The method includes controlling the vehicle to decelerate according to the deceleration pattern upon receiving a control input.
id-US20190270384A1    abstract-A vehicle braking energy recovering method includes obtaining current location information of a vehicle, determining a current road scenario based on the current location information of the vehicle, determining the current road scenario based on a mapping relationship between a road scenario and a weight, determining a safe distance and a safe speed of the vehicle based on the weight, determining a target torque based on the safe distance and the safe speed of the vehicle, and controlling, based on the target torque, a motor of the vehicle to recover braking energy.
id-US11040269B2    abstract-An electric weight sensing skateboard using one or more strain gauge systems to detect rider-induced strain on one or both trucks, an inertial sensor to detect accelerations and balance position, and wheel speed sensors. Throttle is controlled by rider position, for example, lean forward to increase speed, lean back to slow down. Several drive methods include a driver position detection velocity setpoint control, torque setpoint control, and direct velocity/torque control. A throttle remote is note required. Rider weight activates the motors.
id-US11214153B2    abstract-A driving system includes a first alternating-current rotary electrical machine and a second alternating-current rotary electrical machine. The driving system includes: a first inverter electrically connected to the first alternating-current rotary electrical machine; a second inverter electrically connected to a first end of each of phase windings constituting the second alternating-current rotary electrical machine; a step-up converter; and a third inverter that is electrically connected to a second end of each of the phase windings and transfers power to a second direct-current power source different from the first direct-current power source to drive the second alternating-current rotary electrical machine. The step-up converter raises an output voltage of the first direct-current power source and outputs the output voltage to the first inverter and the second inverter. The second direct-current power source and the first alternating-current rotary electrical machine are connected by a single connection route.
id-CN106394259B    abstract-本发明属于电动汽车主动安全领域，具体的说是一种电动汽车制动力再分配的实现方法。该方法包括以下步骤：步骤一、简化安全制动范围；步骤二、制动力第一次分配；步骤三、功率需求效率计算；步骤四、制动力再分配；本发明是一种动汽车制动力再分配策略，在考虑了永磁同步电机的铜耗和铁耗的同时，将功率需求效率引入了制动力分配策略当中，使所提出的制动力分配策略更加符合实际情况，提高了制动力分配的有效性与实用性，增强了理论依据支撑性。
id-CN108068795B    abstract-本公开涉及再生扭矩限制控制。一种车辆包括动力传动系统和至少一个控制器，所述至少一个控制器被配置为：响应于制动请求以及与车辆的速度相关联的轴速度达到开始速度，基于轴速度而在融出持续时间内减小约束再生制动扭矩的再生扭矩限制，其中所述开始速度由在给定的轴速度下随着制动需求而改变的动力传动系统的扭矩限定。
id-CN106564486B    abstract-本发明提供一种基于混合动力的全液压ABS制动系统及其制动能量回收的控制方法，所述系统包括蓄能器、充液阀、电子踏板、比例阀、制动控制器，所述蓄能器通过管路连接充液阀，所述管路上设置压力传感器，所述比例阀连接在所述电子踏板连接蓄能器充液阀之间的管路，所述电子踏板连接制动控制器，所述制动控制器连接比例阀，所述比例阀连接轮边制动器。本发明的目的在于实现ABS功能和制动能量回收的同时采用新型的液压驱动制动系统，取代传统的液压助力器，实现双回路功能，并减少系统的空间占用，提高整车制动系统的响应时间。
id-US10994632B2    abstract-A dual-voltage battery for a vehicle includes a plurality of battery cells, wherein in each case a group of battery cells is connected to a battery cell block, and a battery electronics system with a plurality of power switching elements for connection in series or in parallel of in each case individual battery cell blocks. In a first connection arrangement of the battery cell blocks, a first voltage is provided and in a second connection arrangement, a second voltage is provided. At least a first battery cell block is provided as part of a first voltage supply unit, at least a second battery cell block is provided as part of a second voltage supply unit, at least two third battery cell blocks are provided as part of a third voltage supply unit, and at least two fourth battery cell blocks are provided as part of a fourth voltage supply unit.
id-US10017172B2    abstract-Methods, systems, and apparatus for providing coasting guidance for a vehicle and improving visibility of the indicator, on the display, to indicate to the driver to begin coasting. The coasting guidance system includes a display configured to display an indicator to a driver to begin coasting. The coasting guidance system includes an electronic control unit coupled to the display. The electronic control unit is configured to determine a location of a stop event for the vehicle and determine a braking location for the vehicle based on the location of the stop event for the vehicle. The electronic control unit is configured to determine an ideal coasting location for the vehicle based on the braking location for the vehicle and cause an indicator on the display to pulse at or within a threshold distance of the ideal coasting location to indicate to the driver to begin coasting.
id-US20200055411A1    abstract-A motor vehicle on-board power system with a power converter, windings, an electric machine and a delta switch group is described. The electric machine is connected to the power converter, wherein a DC external connection is provided. The delta switch group connects the windings in a delta configuration. At least one switch of the delta switch group also connects at least one alternating current connection of the power converter to the DC external connection. A configuration controller actuates the delta switch group and has, on the one hand, the function of actuating the delta switch group in the closed state or open state within a driving state, according to a configuration specification. When energy is transmitted via the DC external connection, at least one switch of the delta switch group is actuated by the configuration controller according to a closed switching state. In addition, an associated method is described.
id-US10377244B2    abstract-A braking control method includes steps of: (i) confirming whether to enter a blending section where regenerative braking torque is reduced and friction braking torque is increased; (ii) determining a target reduced deceleration by a controller upon entering the blending section; (iii) reducing braking torque of a vehicle in response to the determined target reduced deceleration; and (iv) returning the braking torque of the vehicle to driver's requested braking torque when the vehicle is being stopped.
id-CN106515468A    abstract-本发明公开了一种储能电车控制系统，包括制氢燃料电池、超级电容和用于当超级电容超压时对超级电容进行泄压的泄放电阻；制氢燃料电池与超级电容通过直流斩波器连接，超级电容通过逆变器连接车辆的牵引电机，直流斩波器和逆变器均与控制器连接，控制器用于控制超级电容向牵引电机提供动力，及控制超级电容吸收牵引电机的制动能量。本发明所提供的储能电车控制系统以超级电容带动牵引电机，车辆能够获得较好的加速度性能，泄放电阻可以用于当超级电容超压时对超级电容进行泄压，控制器能够在每次车辆制动过程中将制动能量回馈吸收，提高能源利用效率，实现了能源的节约。本发明还公开了一种包括上述储能电车控制系统的电车。
id-US10479211B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus of a vehicle may include: a drive motor; a battery for providing driving voltage to the drive motor; a data detector for detecting a driving state information of the vehicle; and a vehicle controller generating a total braking amount based on the driving state information. In particular, the vehicle controller generates a regenerative braking possible amount by using a generatable power of the drive motor and a chargeable power of the battery, performs a regenerative braking when the regenerative braking possible amount is greater than the total braking amount, and also prepares a hydraulic pressure braking based on the regenerative braking possible amount and a regenerative braking amount based on the regenerative braking.
id-DE102017125536A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug beinhaltet eine elektrische Maschine, eine Batterie, eine Drehmomentwandler-Überbrückungskupplung, ein Antriebsrad und eine Steuerung. Die elektrische Maschine ist konfiguriert, um die Batterie über Nutzbremsung aufzuladen. Die Drehmomentwandler-Überbrückungskupplung ist zwischen der elektrischen Maschine und dem Antriebsrad angeordnet. Die Steuerung ist programmiert, um als Reaktion auf einen negativen Antriebsraddrehmomentbefehl während eines Nutzbremsungsvorgangs eine Drehmomentkapazität eines geschlossenen Zustands der Drehmomentwandler-Überbrückungskupplung auf Grundlage des Drehmomentbefehls einzustellen.
id-DE102017207112A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Offenbarung schafft ein Verfahren zum Steuern eines Motorsystems eines umweltfreundlichen Fahrzeugs, das umfasst: Bestimmen, ob sich ein regeneratives Bremsen in einem Ein-Zustand befindet; auf eine Ermittlung hin, dass sich das regenerative Bremsen in dem Ein-Zustand befindet, Überprüfen eines Batterieladezustands (SoC); und auf eine Überprüfung hin, dass der Batterieladezustand vollständig wiederaufgeladen ist, Eintreten in einen Motorniedrigeffizienzsteuerprozess, der einen gegenwärtigen Antriebspunkt eines Motors erzwungen absenkt.
id-WO2018085791A1    abstract-A chassis mounted energy extraction and delivery system. In one embodiment, a gravity-referenced, external tire inflation facility is integrated into an aerodynamic fairing mounted on the chassis of a vehicle. In one other embodiment, a torsion bar coupled between a hub-mounted energy extraction or delivery facility and a selected portion of the chassis provides a cross-referenced fixed point of reference. In a dual-axle embodiment, a first end of the torsion bar is coupled to the hub of one axle and a second end of the torsion bar is coupled to the hub of the other axle. In a single-axle embodiment, the second end of the torsion bar is coupled to the chassis.
id-CN109906169B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于车辆的双电压电池的运行方法，所述双电压电池包括多个电池单元块并且包括具有多个功率开关元件的电池电子装置，以用于各个电池单元块可选地并联和/或串联连接，一组电池单元块的第一电池单元块和至少一个另外的电池单元块在第一连接布置结构中并联连接而在第二连接布置结构中串联连接，该组电池单元块中的第一电池单元块配置有并联开关和串联开关，至少一个第三电池单元块可并联连接于该组电池单元块，在第二连接布置结构中第一电池单元块的并联开关根据车辆的运行状态可选地置于闭合或打开位置中，通过闭合串联开关，第一电池单元块与所述另外的电池单元块串联连接，在闭合位置中第一电池单元块并联连接于第三电池单元块。
id-US20180141541A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle has a drive comprising an internal combustion engine, has an energy converter comprising an electric machine that can be operated for recuperation purposes, and has a control unit that is operatively connected to an operating element, to the drive and to the energy converter. The hybrid vehicle glides when the drive is not in the propulsion mode of operation and with an electric motor operated in a recuperation intensity stage in a first drive state. Based on the control unit having made the determination that the operating element was actuated, the determination is made in the control unit as to whether a condition is present, whereby the duration of the actuation of the operating element is determined and it is determined in a comparison that the duration is below the time threshold value. If the condition is present, a changeover is made from the first drive state to a second drive state in which the hybrid vehicle is then operated.
id-US20200080455A1    abstract-A wireless power transfer system for a train that includes one or more locomotive units with an energy storage system and one or more passenger cars units that transmit power to the one or more locomotive units. The wireless power transfer system includes one or more HEP cables through which power is provided from the one or more passenger car units to the one or more locomotive units, one or more wireless power transfer (WPT) transmitters mounted to the rail separate from the train, a WPT receiver on one of the one or more passenger cars configured to receive power from one of the one or more WPT transmitters, and an inverter on the one of the one or more passenger car units connected to the HEP cables. The inverter receives power from the WPT receiver and sends the power to the energy storage system through the HEP cables.
id-CN108082187A    abstract-本发明公开了一种汽车能量回收的方法及装置，涉及汽车技术领域；所述方法包括：整车控制器接收传感器模块采集的油门踩踏板开度值；所述整车控制器判断所述油门踩踏板开度值是否大于设定值；若所述油门踩踏板开度值大于所述设定值，电机控制器控制电机输出正扭矩驱动电动汽车，在此过程中将电能存储器的电能转换为电动汽车的动能。本发明通过电动汽车中一个油门踏板同时实现驱动和制动两方面的功能，从而提高能量回收效率和续航里程。
id-DE102017125564A1    abstract-Ein Fahrzeug beinhaltet eine Steuerung, die dazu programmiert ist, als Reaktion auf einen Geschwindigkeitsunterschied zwischen dem Fahrzeug und einem nach vorn detektierten Objekt, das Fahrzeug bei einer ersten Rate während eines ersten Zeitraums alleine über regeneratives Bremsen zu verlangsamen und das Fahrzeug bei einer zweiten Rate während eines zweiten Zeitraums nach dem ersten Zeitraum zu verlangsamen, um einen Abstand zum nach vorn detektierten Objekt von einem ersten Abstand zu einem minimalen Abstand zu reduzieren.
id-US10926648B2    abstract-A method for operating a motor vehicle. At least one electric engine designed for driving the motor vehicle is used to recuperate electric energy. In this case, a travel of the motor vehicle during a period of time lying ahead is taken into account. During the use of at least one electric engine for recuperating the electric energy, it is taken into account whether during a thermal load of the at least one electric engine in the period lying ahead, a reduction of the power that can be output by at least one electric engine is to be expected. The at least one electric engine then recuperates an amount of electric energy during the deceleration of the motor vehicle which is smaller than the amount of electric energy that can be recuperated during the deceleration by the at least one electric engine. The invention relates in addition also to a motor vehicle.
id-CN106585403A    abstract-电动汽车的驱动系统包括第一驱动单元、第二驱动单元、第三驱动单元和整车控制器，第一驱动单元包括用于控制永磁电机启动或关闭的第一电机控制器和用于驱使两个车轮转动的永磁电机；第二驱动单元包括用于控制第一轮毂电机启动或关闭的第二电机控制器和用于驱使车轮转动的第一轮毂电机；第三驱动单元包括用于控制第二轮毂电机启动或关闭的第三电机控制器和用于驱使车轮转动的第二轮毂电机；整车控制器用于计算出滑移率，当两个车轮的滑移率大于或等于预设值时，整车控制器发出控制永磁电机关闭和控制轮毂电机启动的控制信号，关闭永磁电机，且启动第一轮毂电机和第二轮毂电机。其能避免耗费大量电能。本发明还涉及一种电动汽车的驱动方法。
id-CN108128170A    abstract-本发明涉及车辆技术领域，提供一种实现制动能量回收及车辆制动的系统及方法。本发明所述的实现制动能量回收及车辆制动的系统包括：传动半轴，与车辆的轮毂相固定；电磁场总成，固定在传动半轴的转向节上，用于产生电磁场；切割柱，设置在传动半轴上，用于在电磁场总成产生的电磁场中切割磁感线而使传动半轴上产生电流；储能单元，用于接收并储存传动半轴上产生的电流；以及控制单元，用于判断车辆的制动状态，并根据所述制动状态控制电磁场总成产生电磁场以实现制动能量回收，或者根据所述制动状态控制电磁场总成产生的电磁场增大以及控制储能单元放电以实现车辆制动。本发明达到了节约能源、提高能源利用率、降低制动结构复杂程度等目的。
id-CN106585618B    abstract-本发明提供了一种串联式混合动力汽车能量管理控制方法及装置，该方法首先在内燃机最佳功率曲线上选取A点与B点，并设置内燃机在A点时的功率值、B点时的功率值、汽车需求功率值、蓄电池低电荷状态值、蓄电池高电荷状态值；汽车驱动时根据需求功率大小、蓄电池荷电状态高低的不同制定不同的工作模式，在大多数情况下都能使内燃机工作在最佳功率曲线上A点与B点的区间内。通过本发明提供的方法，使汽车处于驱动工况时，在大多数情况下都可以将内燃机的工作点限定在最佳功率曲线上A点与B点之间，进而提高整车的燃油经济性与排放性；使汽车处于制动工况时，电机的再生制动可以提高能量利用率。
id-CN106347139A    abstract-本发明公开了一种纯电动汽车复合电源再生制动装置,属于纯电动汽车复合电源技术领域。其系统中电压/电流检测电路的输入端连接蓄电池和超级电容，电压/电流检测电路的输出端连接复合电源再生制动系统；复合电源再生制动系统分别连接模糊控制模块、汽车状态检测模块、电机制动系统、液压制动系统、超级电容和双向DC/DC变换器；蓄电池经双向DC/DC变换器与超级电容及电机控制器连接，电机控制器连接电机。本发明解决了纯电动汽车运行过程中电源供能不足、蓄电池使用寿命短以及车辆制动时电机制动系统系统能量回收低的问题，本发明还具有智能化，安全系数高的特点。
id-CN106314160B    abstract-本发明实施例提供一种辅助电源系统，包括牵引变压器、牵引变流器、引电机、辅助变流器；其中，牵引变压器的副边绕组包括牵引绕组和辅助绕组；接触网通过受电弓与牵引变压器的原边相连；牵引绕组与牵引变流器连接，牵引变流器与牵引电机连接；辅助绕组与辅助变流器连接，辅助变流器与辅助负载连接。本方案中，利用牵引绕组和辅助绕组间存在能量耦合传递的路径，通过牵引电机再生制动以维持牵引绕组保持持续的电流，从而耦合到辅助绕组不断电，保证了动车组在过分相区时和无火回送时，即使外部电源中断，仍可以保证辅助负载连续工作。
id-US20180141536A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine assembly for a motor vehicle is provided. The engine assembly comprising: an engine; an electric motor; and a balance shaft comprising an eccentric mass, wherein the electric motor is configured to selectively rotate the balance shaft in order to balance a vibration characteristic of the engine. A method of operating the engine assembly is also provided.
id-FR3058682B1    abstract-
id-GB2555834A    abstract-An apparatus for dissipating braking energy generated by the operation of a vehicle brake comprises a heating element configured to receive electric current generated by operation of the vehicle brake. The heating element is arranged in a chamber for containing liquid and the liquid contained in the chamber is heated in response to operation of the vehicle brake. The liquid in the chamber may boiled in response to operation of the vehicle brake. The apparatus may comprises an outlet for releasing vapour from the chamber and/or inlet for receiving liquid into the chamber. A temperature sensor may be provided to sense the temperature of liquid in the chamber. The flow of liquid through the inlet may be regulated in dependence on one or more of: a liquid volume in the chamber; a temperature in the chamber; and a level of the electric current supplied to the heating element. The vehicle may be an aircraft and the apparatus used for dissipating braking energy generated by operation of an aircraft brake, during taxi.
id-RU2016146239A    abstract-
id-CN106564406B    abstract-本发明公开了一种用于电动交通工具的双能源动力总成系统及其控制方法，所述系统包括：电机；与所述电机相连接的电机控制器；通过直流母线连接到所述电机控制器第一能量源；以及与所述电机控制器相连接的整车控制器；此外，还包括：第二能量源；以及与所述整车控制器连接的双向能量转换控制器。按照本发明实施例的用于电动交通工具的双能源动力总成系统及其控制方法，更好地控制并优化高负载下双能源输入的智能分流，通过削峰填谷的控制策略有效延长主能量源生命周期，最大限度地捕捉再生制动能量；而且，可以在短时间内，比如十秒左右，提升百公里加速性能以及驾驶乐趣。
id-CN106740141A    abstract-本发明提供了一种电动车辆的能量回收装置，涉及一种电动车辆。所述电动车辆的能量回收装置包括：第一检测器件，所述第一检测器件能够检测驾驶员踩踏刹车踏板的踩踏深度并根据不同的所述踩踏深度发出对应的第一信号；为所述车辆提供动力的驱动电机，所述驱动电机能够将所述车辆制动时的动能转换为电能；能够接收所述第一信号的控制器件，所述控制器件能够根据对应的所述第一信号控制所述驱动电机转换为相对应的不同电能，以增加所述驱动电机转换电能的数量值。所述踩踏深度越深，所述驱动电机转换的相应电能越多，从而对制动的动能回收量越大，减少了制动时动能的损失，从而增加所述驱动电机转换电能的数量值。
id-CN106740140A    abstract-本发明提供一种馈电方法，其应用于电动车中，所述电动车包括动力电池、变速器、加速踏板、制动踏板以及制动灯。所述馈电方法包括如下步骤：监控所述电动车当前的行驶状态参数；判断所述行驶状态参数是否满足馈电条件；若所述行驶状态参数满足馈电条件，则依据当前车速计算出馈电强度；依据所述馈电强度控制所述电动车开始馈电；判断所述电动车的速度变化率是否达到预设值；若所述述电动车的速度变化率达到预设值，则控制所述制动灯开启。本发明提供的馈电方法提升了能量的回收利用率，同时增加了机械制动系统的使用寿命。本发明还提供一种馈电系统。
id-KR20180053995A    abstract-본 발명은 차량의 속도 또는 주행 구간에 따라 회생 제동 및 가속의 비율을 제어하는 차량용 회생 제동 제어 장치 및 그 제어방법에 관한 것으로서, 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 차량용 회생 제동 제어 장치는, 가속 구간과 회생 제동 구간으로 구성되고, 상기 가속 구간에서 차량을 가속시키거나 회생 제동 구간에서 차량을 회생 제동시키기 위한 페달과; 발전기와; 상기 발전기와 차량의 바퀴 사이에 연결된 변속기와; 상기 차량의 속도를 검출하는 속도 검출부와; 상기 페달의 밟는 양에 대응되는 신호를 검출하고, 상기 검출된 신호 및 상기 검출된 차량 속도를 근거로 상기 가속 구간과 회생 제동 구간의 비율을 변경하는 제어부를 포함할 수 있다.
id-JP2018086933A    abstract-【課題】ドライバビリティの低下を抑制する。 【解決手段】エンジンと、車両に制動力を付与可能な電動機と、電動機と電力のやりとりを行なうバッテリと、車両に制動力を付与可能な油圧ブレーキと、運転者のブレーキオン操作に基づいてエンジンと電動機と油圧ブレーキとから車両に制動力が付与されるように回生協調制御を実行する制御装置と、を備えるハイブリッド自動車において、バッテリの開放端電圧が第１所定電圧以上のときには、回生協調制御を制限する。これにより、バッテリの充電を抑制し、バッテリの開放端電圧が更に高くなるのを抑制することができる。また、エンジンブレーキは同様であるかその作用は小さくなるから、エンジンが吹け上がるのを抑止することができる。この結果、ドライバビリティが低下するのを抑制することができる。 【選択図】図３
id-CN106515463A    abstract-本发明公开了一种车载储能装置，与供电电网相连，包括逻辑控制单元，逻辑控制单元连接变流与储能单元；第一IGBT与第一并联二极管相连；反向二极管串联于第一IGBT与第一并联二极管的整体；电容与所述电感串联；第二IGBT与第二并联二极管相连，且第二IGBT的发射极并联于电容与所述电感串联后的整体；第三IGBT与第三并联二极管相连，且第三IGBT的发射极连接于电容与所述电感串联后的整体的一端。本发明还公开了一种车载储能方法。本发明还公开了一种包括上述车载储能装置的车辆。上述插车载储能装置，避免吸收供电电网的电压，其存储的电能完全来自于车辆制动时所产生的电能。
id-CN106379177B    abstract-本发明公开了一种内燃机车电制动能量回馈变流装置，包括牵引逆变模块、辅助逆变模块、隔离变压器和传动控制单元；所述牵引逆变模块的直流端通过中间直流电路与所述辅助逆变模块的直流端连接；所述辅助逆变模块的交流端与隔离变压器的输入侧连接；所述传动控制单元分别与所述牵引逆变模块和辅助逆变模块连接。本发明不需要辅助发电机及辅发励磁控制系统，并且将机车制动能量回馈为辅助系统供电，具有节省机车空间，节能环保，控制精准，可为辅助系统提供高质量电能的优点。
id-CN106427522A    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于STM32的智能能源管理小车的设计，设置有：蓄电池电量统计模块；太阳能最大光照强度寻找模块；程控电磁刹车模块；无线传能控制模块；动力变速模块；用户界面模块；控制器。本发明可实现车辆能源利用的多元化，减少化石燃料的使用量，为保护环境，营造碧水蓝天的生活做出贡献。实现刹车智能充电功能；在燃油供能的基础上，综合了太阳能、电能的使用，实现智能切换，绿色环保；配备快速无线传能充电，充电时间比普通电动车短，车辆随到随充，摆脱线的束缚，且兼容性好；通过使用STM32单片机对小车控制，实现车辆能源的智能管理，响应国家号召，节约大量能源。
id-KR101845452B1    abstract-본 발명은 친환경 차량의 회생 제동 시스템을 이용한 크립 그론 노이즈의 저감 시스템에 관한 것으로서, 보다 상세하게는, 주정차 과정에서 발생하는 크립 그론 노이즈의 발생을 저감하기 위하여 정차조건 조타시 운전자로부터 인가되는 제동 압력과 무관하게 독립 제어가 가능한 회생 제동 시스템을 이용하여 제동 압력을 증대하여 브레이크 디스크와 패드의 맞물림 강성을 증대시킴으로써, 크립 그론 노이즈의 발생을 방지하는 것을 목적으로 한다.
id-JP2020018025A    abstract-【課題】異なる要求に対応させて補機を制御できるようにする。【解決手段】通信接続された外部装置（６０、８０）から補機を２つ以上の異なる用途で動作させる複数の要求のいずれか１つを取得する要求取得部（Ｓ１００）と、要求取得部により取得された要求の用途を判定する判定部（Ｓ１０２）と、判定部により判定された用途に従って補機を動作させる動作制御部（Ｓ１０４、Ｓ１０８）と、を備える。【選択図】図３
id-WO2018087040A1    abstract-Ein Kraftfahrzeug, umfassend einen Antriebsmotor (2) des Kraftfahrzeuges (1), sowie einen Generator (3) und eine Generatorsteuerung (4), wobei die Generatorsteuerung (4) dazu eingerichtet ist, bei Aktivierung eines Bremsbetriebs des Kraftfahrzeuges (1) die Ausgangsspannung (U) des Generators (3) auf eine vorgegebene Brems-Generatorspannung (U B ) zu erhöhen und bei Aktivierung eines Normalfahrbetriebs des Kraftfahrzeu- ges (1) die Ausgangsspannung (U) des Generators (3) auf eine vorgegebene Fahr-Generatorspannung (U F ) abzusenken, wobei die Generatorsteuerung (4) dazu eingerichtet ist, bei Aktivierung eines Motor-Schub-Betriebes des Kraftfahrzeuges (1) eine Schub-Generatorspannung (U S ) zu ermitteln und die Ausgangsspannung (U) des Generators (3) auf die Schub- Generatorspannung (U S ) einzustellen.
id-CN106428036A    abstract-本发明提供一种轨道车辆。本发明提供的轨道车辆，包括：牵引逆变器和轮毂电机，上述牵引逆变器的输入端与供电电源连接，上述牵引逆变器的输出端与上述轮毂电机连接，上述轮毂电机的定子套设在上述轨道车辆的车轴上，上述轮毂电机的转子固定在上述轨道车辆的车轮上；上述牵引逆变器，用于将上述供电电源输出的电流逆变为驱动电流，并将上述驱动电流输出给上述轮毂电机；上述轮毂电机，用于根据上述驱动电流驱动上述轨道车辆运行。本发明提供的轨道车辆，可实现轨道车辆的轻量化，提高车辆的载客能力。
id-US20180142595A1    abstract-An engine with an SCR catalyst aftertreatment system includes a turbocharger exhaust duct in fluid communication with the turbocharger outlet and a heating loop segment including an inlet and an outlet. The inlet and the outlet are in fluid communication with the exhaust duct, and the inlet extracts a portion of exhaust gases from the exhaust duct. The engine further includes an exhaust pressure driven air amplifier, an electric preheater, a fuel injector, an oxidation catalyst, a urea injector, and a temperature sensor on the heating loop segment.
id-JP6570769B2    abstract-
id-KR101929535B1    abstract-본 발명은 전기실버카용 트랜스엑슬 모터의 무선 구동장치에 관한 것으로서,  전기실버카의 바퀴를 트랜스 액슬을 통해 구동하는 모터와, 모터를 구동하는 구동부와, 원격 조정기로부터 송출되어 무선수신부를 통해 수신된 구동제어신호에 따라  구동부를 제어하는 제어부를 구비한다. 이러한 전기실버카용 트랜스 엑셀 모터 구동장치에 의하면, 원격조정기에 의해 무선으로 바퀴 구동이 제어될 수 있어 유선제어방식에 비해 설계제약을 완화시킬 수 있고, 회생전력을 활용할 수 있는 장점을 제공한다.
