id-CA2911025C    abstract-The present provides a condensing heat exchanger assembly that includes a plurality of heat exchanger passes. The condensing furnace includes a burner assembly having a combustion air device and further includes a frame having primary heat exchanger with a first pass and a second pass. A secondary heat exchanger having a third pass and a fourth pass. The primary heat exchanger assembly may be generally parallel to the secondary heat exchanger assembly such that supply airflow may traverse over the primary and secondary heat exchangers simultaneously in both a first direction and in an opposite second direction. The first pass may include a single drum. The second pass, third pass and fourth pass may include a plurality of aligned tubes.
id-CA2918996A1    abstract-An indirect gas-fired condensing furnace assembly and method includes a primary heat exchanger, a secondary heat exchanger, and a tertiary heat exchanger. The secondary heat exchanger assembly may be an intermediate single-pass tubular heat exchange section made from a corrosion-resistant material. The tertiary heat exchanger assembly may be a single-pass tubular heat exchanger section with a corrosion resistant material. The tertiary heat exchanger assembly may include a plurality of fins. The primary heat exchanger assembly may include a plurality of aligned tubes wherein each tube includes a first straight portion, an intermediate portion, and a second straight portion such that the primary heat exchanger tubes surround the secondary and the tertiary heat exchanger assemblies such that the airflow is configured to traverse the primary heat exchanger assembly, the secondary heat exchanger assembly, and the tertiary heat exchanger assembly in various directions such that a risk of condensation freezing within the secondary and tertiary heat exchange assemblies is reduced.
id-CA2919040A1    abstract-A condensing furnace assembly and method includes a primary heat exchanger having a first zone and a second zone, and a secondary heat exchanger having a first zone and a second zone.  A manifold assembly includes a first set and a second set of burners. The primary and secondary heat exchanger assemblies may include a plurality of aligned tubes. The plurality of tubes may include a first zone and a plurality of the tubes include a second zone. A  first air device is in communication with the first zone portions of the primary and secondary heat exchanger and the first set of burners. A second air device is in communication with the second zone of the primary and secondary heat exchangers and the second set of burners. The assembly provides for high efficiency operation (90%+ efficiency) and high turndown operation (10:1 or 10% of a maximum firing rate).
id-US9724734B2    abstract-An improved hot water pressure washer utilizes a combination of technologies to achieve lower emission levels and increased operational efficiency. A forced air natural gas or forced air oil burner utilizes a flue gas and recirculation line to lower carbon monoxide and NOx emissions from a burner. A flue gas heat exchanger is utilized to lower the temperature of the exhaust gas. The lower exhaust gas temperatures allow for lower cost materials to be utilized. The efficiency levels of a hot water pressure washer are increased over known devices.
id-US20160215991A1    abstract-A humidifier assembly for capturing moisture from the furnace and releasing the moisture into an area includes a furnace. A housing is coupled to the furnace. An inlet is coupled to the housing. The inlet is coupled to a drain line on the furnace. Condensation from the furnace is directed into the housing. A filter is removably coupled to the housing. The filter captures the condensation from the furnace and converts the condensation into an evaporate. The evaporate is released into the furnace. An outlet is coupled to the housing. An overflow line is coupled to the outlet. Excess condensation is directed outwardly from the housing. A reservoir is coupled to the overflow line. The reservoir captures the excess condensation.
id-WO2016120590A1    abstract-Heat exchange apparatus (100) such as a condensing boiler may comprise a gas heating stage comprising a liquid source and an evaporator heat exchanger (135) configured to heat a first gas stream (e.g. boiler inlet air) flowing from a first gas inlet to a first gas outlet, the evaporator heat exchanger being configured to evaporate liquid from the liquid source (139) to add vapour to the first gas stream, and, a gas cooling stage comprising a condenser heat exchanger (235) configured to cool a second (e.g. different) gas stream(e.g. boiler exhaust gas) flowing from a second gas inlet to a second gas outlet, the condenser heat exchanger being configured to condense vapour present in the second gas stream, and preferably to direct condensed vapour into a or the liquid source (239). The evaporator heat exchanger (135) transfers thermal energy from the liquid source to the first gas stream. The condenser heat exchanger (235) transfers thermal energy from the second gas stream to the liquid source. In each heat exchanger, the liquid source may be a liquid stream that flows in counter-flow to the gas stream, and the same liquid stream may flow through both heat exchangers in an open or closed circuit (140, 142) such that such that the liquid stream acts as a heat (or heat and mass) transfer fluid between the two heat exchangers (135, 235). In this way, thermal energy may be transferred between the two respective gas streams by the same liquid stream. The apparatus thus acts as a gas-to-gas heat exchanger comprising a gas-to-liquid heat exchanger configured to cool a first gas stream and a further gas-to-liquid heat exchanger configured to heat a second gas stream. Each of the evaporator heat exchanger (135) and condenser heat exchanger (235) may comprise a porous structure such as an open-cell foam structure (130).The porous structure may be rotatably mounted and partially submerged in the liquid stream, which may flow in counter-flow to the gas stream above it. The structure may comprise an elongate porous structure rotatable about its lengthwise axis, the liquid and gas streams each flowing parallel with that axis such that the heat exchange process causes a temperature gradient to develop along the length of the porous structure. The porous structure may have an average effective pore diameter of at least 3mm,such large pores being resistant to blocking, such that an annular seal against the circumferential outer wall/perimeter of the porous structure is not required.
id-US20190154359A1    abstract-A domestic boiler preheater includes a flue box including a combustion gas inlet to receive hot combustion gas from a boiler, and a combustion air inlet to receive air for combustion in a boiler. The preheater includes a condenser including a mains cold water inlet and a mains water outlet arranged such that mains water flows through the condenser prior to being supplied to a boiler combustion chamber. The condenser includes a central heating water return and a central heating water flow outlet arranged such that central heating water flows through the condenser prior to being supplied to the boiler combustion chamber. The condenser includes connections that enable the condenser to be connected to preheated fluid supply pipework from a source of preheated fluid, the preheated fluid including fluid heated by heat from at least one of the combustion gas and a renewable energy source.
id-US10502452B2    abstract-A heat exchanger includes a lamellar structure of a plurality of parallel heat exchange elements with an intermediate air gap between each pair of adjacent heat exchange elements. Along a longitudinal direction of the lamellar structure the heat exchange elements is interconnected in a top portion of the lamellar structure that forms an inlet channel through the heat exchange elements and in a bottom portion of the lamellar structure that forms an outlet channel through the heat exchange elements.      The heat exchange elements form parallel channels between the inlet and the outlet channels.      In the outlet channel, the heat exchanger includes a filler body, that is filling up a lower level of the outlet channel and forms a floor along the longitudinal direction of the lamellar structure.
id-US9469976B1    abstract-An apparatus is provided for protecting from freezing an above-ground conduit outlet on an exterior wall of a building, the freeze protection apparatus comprising a housing including a top wall, a front wall, and a pair of opposed side walls interconnecting the top wall and the front wall. The housing partially defines an enclosed area having a rear aperture and a bottom aperture. Thermal insulating material lines the interior surface of the walls of the housing. Means are provided for mounting the housing to the exterior wall adjacent the conduit outlet. The inner edges of the side walls and the top wall contact the exterior wall and the bottom edges of the side walls and the front wall contact the ground for enclosing the conduit outlet. Heat is retained within the housing to prevent fluid within the conduit from freezing.
id-RU2606296C2    abstract-Изобретение относится к теплоэнергетике. Способ глубокой утилизации тепла дымовых газов включает предварительное охлаждение дымовых газов в газо-газовом поверхностном пластинчатом теплообменнике, нагревая противотоком осушенные дымовые газы, для создания температурного запаса, предотвращающего конденсацию остаточных водяных паров в дымовой трубе. Дальнейшее охлаждение дымовых газов до температуры, близкой к точке росы водяных паров, осуществляется в контактном газоводяном водоподогревателе, который нагревает воду. Охлажденные влажные дымовые газы подают в газовоздушный поверхностный пластинчатый теплообменник - конденсатор, где конденсируются содержащиеся в дымовых газах водяные пары, нагревая воздух. Осушенные дымовые газы подают дополнительным дымососом в газо-газовый поверхностный пластинчатый теплообменник, где нагревают для предотвращения возможной конденсации водяных паров в газоходах и дымовой трубе и направляются в дымовую трубу. Технический результат: повышение эффективности утилизации тепла дымовых газов за счет использования скрытого тепла конденсации водяных паров и повышенной температуры самих дымовых газов. 1 ил., 1 табл.
id-EP3274637B1    abstract-
id-EP3076102A1    abstract-The present invention discloses a heat exchanger adapted for being used to heat domestic water and water for space heating. The heat exchanger includes a first passageway and a second passage way both disposed in the heat exchanger. The first passageway allows domestic water to pass therethrough and the second passageway allows water for space heating to pass therethrough. Wherein, one of the first and the second passageways is disposed in the other of the first and the second passageways. In this way, the heat exchanger has relatively simple structure and compact size.
id-DE102015216688A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Anschluss für ein Kondensat eines Heizgeräts (10), mit einem Gehäuse (44), das mit einem Abgasweg verbunden oder verbindbar ist und das einen Kondensatausgang (46) aufweist, wobei an den Kondensatausgang (46) ein Schlauch (48) angeschlossen ist, der in einem ersten Bereich (50) unterhalb des Gehäuses (44) geführt ist und dort in einem Bogen (52) nach oben geführt ist.
id-CN205607207U    abstract-本实用新型公开了一种锅炉余热交换器，包含一个带有多根可对流体进行加热的管道的热交换器组件，一个由多个平行平板组成的翼片，翼片延伸后宽度与整个热交换器组件的宽度相当，翼片内有管道横穿其间，管道之间通过U型接头相连，形成一条蛇形管道，热交换器组件位于壳体中，带有一个进烟口和排烟口，多个用于确定壳体内烟道精确位置的分隔挡板，烟道通过整个平板，从进烟口贯穿至排烟口。该锅炉余热交换器能够改进余热交换器中的烟气流动，将大部分烟气引导输送至热交换器的交换元件上去，并且能够简化热交换器的结构和组装，且为一种高热效率、结实耐用、使用可靠，结构紧凑且价格低廉的余热交换器。
id-KR101562509B1    abstract-본 발명은 진공 온수 보일러에 관한 것이며, 상세하게는 진공 온수 보일러의 진공모드 운전시 진공이 파괴될 경우 대기개방모드 운전으로 신속하게 전환할 수 있는 난방 또는/ 및 급탕용 간접 가열 진공 온수 보일러의 진공파괴시의 응급조치에 관한 것으로서, 진공 온수 보일러의 장점을 이용하면서 추기수단(진공장치)의 고장시에 응급조치로서, 진공모드 운전을 대기개방모드 운전으로 전환하여 난방용 또는/ 및 급탕용 온수를 신속하게 생성할 수 있도록 한 것이다. 본 발명은 열매수(11)를 채우고, 내부압을 대기압 이하와 대기압을 선택적으로 유지하며, 상기 열매수(11)에 노통(13)을 배치시킨 통체(10)와; 상기 통체(10)의 상부에 배치하여서 상기 열매수(11)의 가열에 의하여 생성된 증기 또는 온수에 의하여 물이 가열되는 적어도 1개 이상의 열교환기(20)와; 상기 통체(10)의 상부에 설치한 대기개방 통체(30)와; 상기 대기개방 통체(30)에 설치한 추기수단(40);을 포함하여 구성한 것이다.
id-DE202015002687U1    abstract-Anordnung zur Wärmerückgewinnung aus Abgasen mit einem in eine Abgasleitung (6) einer Heizungsanlage (1) angeordneten Wärmeübertrager (8) mit einem durch den Wärmeübertrager (8) strömenden Wärmeaufnahmemedium, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass das Wärmeaufnahmemedium über mindestens eine das Wärmeaufnahmemedium dem Wärmeübertrager (8) zuführende (13) und eine das Wärmeaufnahmemedium aus dem Wärmeübertrager (8) abführende Leitung (14) mit dem Heizungskreislauf der Heizungsanlage (1) wirkverbunden ist und in der das Wärmeaufnahmedium führenden Leitung (14) ein Stellorgan (15) zur Beeinflussung des Stromes des Wärmeaufnahmemediums durch den Wärmeübertrager (8) angeordnet ist.
id-US20160313049A1    abstract-A heating, ventilation, and/or air conditioning (HVAC) system may include a furnace having a cold header having a plurality of drain ports, and a condensate trap configured to attach to each of the plurality of drain ports, at least one of the drain ports having a plurality of mounting positions for the condensate trap, each mounting position corresponds to an orientation of the furnace in which the furnace can be installed.
id-WO2016170080A1    abstract-The present invention provides a boiler system, for example for use in heating a domestic hot water supply, and which is significantly more fuel efficient than existing boilers, the boiler system comprising a first reservoir and a second reservoir which together define a combustion enclosure, a storage tank positioned to define an upper wall or roof of the enclosure and being in fluid communication with the first water reservoir, a heat exchange tube located in the storage tank and being in fluid communication with the second water reservoir; and a burner arranged to directly heat atmospheric gases within the enclosure in order to indirectly heat the walls of the enclosure.
id-CN106066094A    abstract-本发明提供一种热水供应装置。热水供应装置包括：1次换热器，其具有第1传热管；2次换热器，其具有与第1传热管相连接且配置于比第1传热管的位置高的位置的第2传热管；以及与第1传热管的出热水侧端部相连接的出热水路径。出热水路径具有偏置流路部，该偏置流路部包括从出热水路径中的靠近第1传热管的出热水侧端部的部分向上或斜向上立起而成的立起部，且该偏置流路部被偏置于比出热水侧端部的位置高的位置。根据这样的结构，在使热水供应动作暂时停止了时，第1传热管内的高温的热水流入到偏置流路部。因此，能够抑制在之后再次开始热水供应动作时因预定的自然对流而使温度比所期望的目标热水供应温度低的热水或水被供应的不良情况。
id-CN106403288A    abstract-本发明公开了新型冷凝热管锅炉，包括机架和设于机架上的壳体，该壳体内设有加热室和水箱，其中加热室的下部设有烟气入口，其上部设有烟气出口，所述水箱设有入水口和出水口；所述壳体内平行排列有若干倾斜的热管，该热管的加热段固定设于加热室中，该热管放热段通入所述水箱中，所述加热室中间隔交错布置含导流水的若干导流层板，各导流层板与壳体之间形成曲折的烟气通道。本发明针对低温取暖也可做为锅炉省煤器，排烟温度低热效率高使用寿命长。
id-US20160334137A1    abstract-A condensing boiler, which comprises an outer enclosure, which defines a chamber for containing water to be heated and accommodates a combustion chamber which is connected to a plurality of heat exchange tubes which lead into a fume collection chamber which is connected to a fume evacuation stack; a condensing device for the fumes is arranged in the fume collection chamber; the stack has an intake which is arranged substantially coaxially to the fume collection chamber and the condensing device comprises at least one fume cooling element which has a substantially annular shape and is arranged substantially coaxially to the fume collection chamber.
id-KR101592991B1    abstract-본 발명은 최소의 비용으로 건조기에서 사용된 고습폐열을 건조한 고온의 공기로 변환시킬 수 있는 고습폐열 재활용장치 및 상기 고습폐열 재활용장치를 이용하여 건조기에서 사용한 고습폐열을 재활용하여 건조에 필요한 시간 및 건조에 소비되는 에너지를 최소화할 수 있는 재활용 건조공기 공급시스템을 개시(introduce)한다. 상기 고습폐열 재활용장치는, 공기변환부 및 냉매변환부를 포함하며, 상기 재활용 건조공기 공급시스템은 상기 고습폐열 재활용장치, 건조장치 및 순환배관을 포함한다.
id-DE102015209475A1    abstract-Die Erfindung geht aus von einer Heizgerätevorrichtung, insbesondere einer Brennwertgerätevorrichtung, mit zumindest einem Wärmeübertrager (10), welcher zumindest ein Wärmeübertragerelement (12, 14, 16, 18) umfasst, das dazu vorgesehen ist, thermische Energie von einem ersten Fluid auf ein zweites Fluid zu übertragen. Es wird vorgeschlagen, dass das Wärmeübertragerelement (12, 14, 16, 18) wenigstens in einem Strömungsbereich des ersten Fluids eine zumindest 3-zählige Drehsymmetrie bezüglich zumindest einer Drehsymmetrieachse (20) besitzt.
id-US20170002731A1    abstract-Human used to get power from gas expansion in heat engine. Extraction of mechanic work from gaseous expansion is always low efficient, because circa 70% energy is hidden in the exhausted vapor in the form of latent heat and rejected or dumped out of cycle because the slow condensation may choke mass conservative looping. As liquid is hard to be compressed, power transmission can be reasonably assumed lossless, so harvesting mechanic power from liquid flow is high efficient. But historically it is rarely considered for how to form a powerful liquid flow in a typical gas-liquid dual-phase co-existed thermodynamic system, such as the most used Rankine-cycle heat engine. A new method or say Wei heat engine is invented that is based on a new defined Wei second class thermodynamic cycle. Such a new method converts thermal energy into high speed liquid flow during non-equilibrium condensation, though not too much efficient, as well as it jailbreaks the efficient limit of ideal Carnot cycle in an alternative way because the rejected heat is automatically reused to heat base liquid so as to reduce the consumption of heat source.      Based on the said liquid power heat engine, a series of modalities are disclosed, featuring a kaleidoscope of free energy, non-Stirling style external combustion, existing powerplant improving modification, immersed intra-cavitation combustion even with a variety of co-existing ammonia synthesis, and flue gas process with capture of combustion water vapor and carbon dioxide and NOx and sulfur dioxide.
id-US10488077B2    abstract-A furnace inducer elbow in accordance with one, non-limiting embodiment of the present disclosure includes a main body section having a first opening and a second opening arranged at a non-zero angle from the first opening, the main body section made of a first material; and, a sealing section integrally connected to the main body section at the first opening and at the second opening, the sealing section made of a second material different from the first material, wherein the second material is more flexible than the first material; wherein the sealing section includes an inlet aligned with the first opening and configured to seal to a flue vent connection member of an inducer fan assembly, and the sealing section further including an outlet aligned with the second opening and configured to seal to a flue vent.
id-EP3321580B1    abstract-
id-KR101956378B1    abstract-난방 보일러(2)의 열교환기 튜브(5)는, 보일러 화로의 배기가스에 의해 관류될 수 있으면서 외면에서는 난방수에 의해 에워싸일 수 있는 외부 튜브(10)와, 상기 외부 튜브(10)의 내부 표면의 증대를 위해 외부 튜브의 길이방향(12)으로 연장되는 리브들(14)을 구비하여 외부 튜브 내로 삽입되고 외부 튜브(10)와 열 전도 방식으로 접촉하는 프로파일 인서트(11)를 포함하고, 난방 보일러에서 연소 가스로부터 보일러로의 훨씬 큰 열전달 용량이 가능해지는 것이 달성되도록 한다. 이것은 외부 튜브(10)의 제 1 길이방향 섹션(22)은 원통형의 매끄러운 벽으로 설계되고, 외부 튜브(10)의 제 2 길이방향 섹션(23)은 유동 횡단면을 수축시키는 적어도 하나의 횡단면 수축 요소(24)를 가지고, 프로파일 인서트(11)는 단지 외부 튜브(10)의 제 1 길이방향 섹션(22)에 걸쳐서만 연장되고, 적어도 하나의 횡단면 수축 요소(24)는, 외부 튜브의 제 2 길이방향 섹션(23)에서 외부 튜브(10) 안으로 미끄러지는 덕트 유형의 노즐 형상 인서트로서 설계됨으로써 달성된다.
id-US10001296B2    abstract-A condensate neutralizer having cap adapters is provided. The condensate neutralizer includes a captive pipe, a first cap adapter and a second cap adapter. Each of the cap adapters includes a base, a lock ring and a cap. The base includes a bottom portion secured to the captive pipe and a top portion forming a base opening. The lock ring forms a lock ring opening and releasably attaches to the top portion of the base. The cap includes a plate and an inlet protruding from the plate. The inlet is connectable to a pipe. The plate includes a diameter larger than the base opening and the lock ring opening and is disposed in between the base and the lock ring.
id-US20180224155A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger enhancing heat exchange efficiency between a heating medium and combustion heat of a burner, the heat exchanger being provided with a heat exchange unit having heating medium flow channels through which a heating medium flows and combustion gas flow channels through which combustion gas combusted in the burner flows to be alternately formed and adjacent to each other in spaces between a plurality of plates, wherein the heat exchange unit comprises: a sensible heat unit which surrounds the outer side of a combustion chamber, is formed of one side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using sensible heat of combustion gas generated by the combustion of the burner; and a latent heat unit which is formed of the other side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using latent heat of water vapor included in combustion gas that has finished undergoing heat exchange in the sensible heat unit, wherein the heating medium flow channels of the sensible heat unit have guide units formed thereon for inducing the heating medium to flow towards the center of the combustion chamber.
id-US10816239B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger enabling the reduction of the number of components constituting the heat exchanger, the simplification of the coupling structure thereof, and also, the decrease of combustion gas flow resistance and the minimization of noise and vibration generation, the heat exchanger being provided with a heat exchange unit having heating medium flow channels through which a heating medium flows and combustion gas flow channels through which combustion gas combusted in the burner flows to be alternately formed and adjacent to each other in spaces between a plurality of plates, wherein the heat exchange unit comprises: a sensible heat unit which surrounds the outer side of a combustion chamber, is formed of one side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using sensible heat of combustion gas generated by the combustion of the burner; and a latent heat unit which is formed of the other side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using latent heat of water vapor included in combustion gas that has finished undergoing heat exchange in the sensible heat unit, wherein bent flange units are formed on the edges of the plurality of plates, and in a state where the flange units of neighboring plates overlap, certain areas among the edges of the plurality of plates have formed thereon combustion gas pass-through units having combustion gas flowing through the combustion gas flow channels pass therethrough.
id-ES2881396T3    abstract-Un intercambiador de calor, que comprende: una unidad de intercambio de calor (200) en la que los canales de flujo del medio de calentamiento a través de los cuales un medio de calentamiento fluye en un espacio entre una pluralidad de placas y canales de flujo de gas de combustión a través de los cuales fluye un gas de combustión quemado en un quemador (100) en una cámara de combustión (C) se forman alternativamente para ser adyacentes entre sí, donde la unidad de intercambio de calor (200) está configurada con una unidad de calor sensible (200A) configurada para rodear un lado externo de la cámara de combustión (C), configurada con un área en un lado de cada una de las placas, y configurada para calentar el medio de calentamiento usando calor sensible del gas de combustión generado por la combustión en el quemador (100); y una unidad de calor latente (200B) configurada con un área en el otro lado de cada una de las placas y configurada para calentar el medio de calentamiento usando calor latente de vapor de agua contenido en el gas de combustión que experimenta un intercambio de calor en la unidad de calor sensible (200A), y una tapa de canal de flujo (400) está acoplada a un lado trasero de la unidad de calor sensible (200A) y configurada para proporcionar un canal de flujo del gas de combustión para permitir que un gas de combustión que pasa a través de un canal de flujo de gas de combustión formado en una porción superior de la unidad de calor sensible (200A) fluya hacia un canal de flujo de gas de combustión de la unidad de calor latente (200B), el intercambiador de calor caracterizado por comprender, además una pluralidad de primeros orificios de flujo de gas de combustión (203) que se forman en la porción superior de la unidad de calor sensible (200A) para permitir que el gas de combustión generado en la cámara de combustión (C) fluya hacia un canal de flujo de derivación de gas de combustión (400a) formado entre la unidad de calor sensible (200A) y la tapa de canal de flujo (400), y una pluralidad de segundos orificios de flujo de gas de combustión (204) que se forman en una porción inferior de la unidad de calor sensible (200A) para permitir que el gas de combustión que pasa a través del canal de gas de combustión (400a) fluya hacia el canal de flujo de gas de combustión de la unidad de calor latente (200B).
id-US10641522B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger having a simplified assembly structure as well as a simplified structure for heat-insulating a combustion chamber, the heat exchanger being provided with a heat exchange unit having heating medium flow channels through which a heating medium flows and combustion gas flow channels through which combustion gas combusted in the burner flows to be alternately formed and adjacent to each other in spaces between a plurality of plates, wherein the heat exchange unit comprises: a sensible heat unit which surrounds the outer side of a combustion chamber, is formed of one side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using sensible heat of combustion gas generated by the combustion of the burner; and a latent heat unit which is formed of the other side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using latent heat of water vapor included in combustion gas that has finished undergoing heat exchange in the sensible heat unit, wherein the rear of the sensible heat unit has provided thereon connection flow channels of the heating medium so that the heating medium that passed through the heating medium flow channels of the latent heat unit can flow to the heating medium flow channels of the sensible heat unit, and the rear of the sensible heat unit also has a water housing cooling unit formed thereon for heat-insulating the combustion chamber.
id-WO2017018253A1    abstract-排ガスの潜熱回収装置は、排ガスが流通するダクトの内部に設置され、前記排ガスの潜熱回収のための被加熱水が供給される給水入口および前記被加熱水を排出する給水出口を有する伝熱管と、前記給水入口への前記被加熱水の供給を制御する給水制御部と、を備え、前記給水制御部は、前記給水出口における前記被加熱水の温度である出口温度が設定温度となるように、前記被加熱水の前記給水入口からの供給を制御する。
id-JP2017026280A    abstract-【課題】顕熱が回収された燃焼排ガスの温度を測定することによりスケール詰まりを確実に判定可能な給湯装置を提供すること。 【解決手段】給湯装置は、燃焼ガスによって上水を加熱するためのフィンアンドチューブ型熱交換器を備え、前記熱交換器において熱交換された後の排気温度を検知するための温度検知手段と、この温度検知手段によって検知される検知温度が設定温度以上になった場合に前記熱交換器の伝熱管内にスケールが堆積していると判定する判定手段とを備えている。 【選択図】図１
id-EP3343127A1    abstract-A heat exchanger according to the present invention comprises a heat exchange portion in which heating water flow paths where heating water flows through a space between a plurality of plates, hot water flow paths through which hot water flows, and combustion gas flow paths are adjacently and alternatingly formed, wherein the heat exchange portion comprises: a heating sensible heat portion, which surrounds the outside of a combustion chamber and comprises an area on one side of the plates, for heating the heating water using the sensible heat of the combustion gas generated by combustion of the burner; a heating latent heat portion, which comprises a partial area on the other side of the plates, for heating the heating water using the latent heat of water vapors in the combustion gas which has completed heat exchanging in the heating sensible heat portion; and a hot water latent heat portion, which comprises the remaining area on the other side of the plates, for heating direct water using the latent heat of water vapors in the combustion gas which has passed through the heating latent heat portion.
id-KR20170025475A    abstract-본 발명은 열효율을 향상시킨 열교환기를 제공함에 그 목적이 있다.  이를 구현하기 위한 본 발명은, 복수의 플레이트 사이의 공간에 열매체가 유동하는 열매체유로와, 버너(100)에서 연소된 연소가스가 유동하는 연소가스유로가 인접하게 교대로 형성된 열교환부(200)를 구비하되, 상기 열교환부(200)는, 연소실(C)의 외측을 둘러싸며 상기 플레이트의 일측 영역으로 이루어져 상기 버너(100)의 연소에 의해 발생한 연소가스의 현열을 이용하여 열매체를 가열하는 현열부(200A)와, 상기 플레이트의 타측 영역으로 이루어져 상기 현열부(200A)에서 열교환을 마친 연소가스에 포함된 수증기의 잠열을 이용하여 열매체를 가열하는 잠열부(200B)로 이루어지고, 상기 현열부(200A)와 잠열부(200B) 사이에는 열매체의 연결유로가 형성되며, 상기 잠열부(200B)는, 상기 열매체가 유입되는 열매체 입구(201)와, 상기 복수의 플레이트 사이에 형성되되 상기 열매체 입구(201)에 병렬로 연통되는 복수의 잠열부 열매체유로(P1)로 이루어지고, 상기 현열부(200A)는, 상기 열매체가 유출되는 열매체 출구(202)와, 상기 복수의 플레이트 사이에 형성되되, 상기 잠열부 열매체유로(P1)와 상기 열매체 출구(202) 사이에 직렬로 연결되는 복수의 현열부 열매체유로(P3)로 이루어진 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-US10690379B2    abstract-A heat exchanger according to the present invention comprises a heat exchange portion in which heating medium flow paths, where a heating medium flows through a space between a plurality of plates, and combustion gas flow paths through which a combustion gas combusted in a burner flows are adjacently and alternatingly formed, wherein the heat exchange portion comprises a sensible heat portion, which surrounds the outside of a combustion chamber and comprises an area on one side of the plates, for heating the heating medium using the sensible heat of the combustion gas generated by combustion of the burner, and a latent heat portion, which comprises an area on the other side of the plates, for heating the heating medium using the latent heat of water vapors in the combustion gas which has completed heat exchanging in the sensible heat portion, wherein a connection passage for the heating medium is formed between the sensible heat portion and the latent heat portion, the plates are formed in a vertical structure so that the sensible heat portion is positioned on the top part and the latent heat portion is positioned on the bottom part, and wherein the burner has a cylindrical shape and is assembled by being inserted laterally from the front surface of a space in the combustion chamber.
id-US20180245800A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method and apparatus for low temperature waste heat utilization. In the scope of the hot water plant (HWP) there are few low temperature sources, which cannot be used by heat consumer (HC) directly. The method and apparatus for hot water power plant (HWP) waste heat recovery comprises at least one, preferably condensing type heat exchanger (HE), which collects the waste heat for water source high temperature heat pump (HP) employment, wherein a low temperature heat is upgraded to a high temperature heat, hence heat pump (HP) hot water outlet is fed to the boiler in a return line or in a supply line of hot water plant (HWP), wherein the thermal energy balance adjustment of generated heat is executed by adapting the power of said heat pump (HP) and/or by adapting the power of said furnace and/or by adapting the mass flow of the primary heat transfer medium in at least one open loop heating network and/or in at least one closed loop heating circuit in the scope of heat distribution network.
id-US20170082319A1    abstract-A hydronic space heating system including a buffer tank defining upper and lower chambers in fluid and thermal communication with one another, the upper and lower chambers being separated by a baffle having passages formed therein to allow fluid flow from the lower chamber to the upper chamber to facilitate heat transfer therebetween in a controlled manner, a heat pump associated with the lower chamber of the buffer tank and having an output for heating water in the lower chamber of the buffer tank to a temperature within a predefined temperature range, and an auxiliary heat source associated with the upper chamber of the buffer tank having an output for increasing the temperature of water in the upper chamber of the buffer tank to conditionally supplement the output of the heat pump.
id-EP3141841B1    abstract-
id-US10281172B2    abstract-A liner fabrication tool includes a handle engaged to a first cam support and a second cam support where each of the cam supports has forward edge. An axle extends between the first cam support and the second cam support. A gripper is rotatably engaged to the axle between the first cam support and the second cam support. The gripper includes a first wall, a second wall, and a base extending between the first wall and the second wall, the base has an opening where the opening is positioned between and proximate to the forward edges. The opening receives a pin of a liner and insulation system where rotation of the handle in a forward direction applies leverage against the first cam support and the second cam support to bind the pin in the opening and compress the liner and insulation system immediately prior to welding.
id-EP3147586A1    abstract-Condensate collection and discharge unit comprising a fluid collection reservoir having a fluid inlet, and a fluid outlet opening and comprising a valve associated with the fluid outlet opening for preventing flue gases to be discharged from the outlet opening. The fluid collection reservoir is movable between at least one first position in which the fluid outlet opening is closed by the valve, and at least one second position in which the fluid outlet opening is disengaged from the valve so as to allow for the discharge of accumulated fluid from the fluid collection reservoir. A biasing member biases the fluid collection reservoir in the at least one first position. The biasing force may be overcome by a gravitational force generated by a predefined amount of fluid collected in the fluid collection reservoir, so as to move the fluid collection reservoir under gravity into the at least one second position.
id-AU2015411419B2    abstract-A method of producing temperature and pressure conditioned fluids using a fuel cell. The fuel cell generates an anode exhaust stream of water vapour and carbon dioxide. The water in the exhaust stream is condensed and separated to produce a stream of water and a stream of carbon dioxide. A first portion of the stream of water is heated to produce a stream of steam, which is combined with the fuel to form the anode input stream. A stream of condensed carbon dioxide is obtained by condensing at least a portion of the carbon dioxide in the stream of carbon dioxide. At least one fluid is heated and compressed to a target temperature and pressure for each fluid, the at least one fluid comprising a second portion of the stream of water or at least a portion of the condensed carbon dioxide.
id-US20210156592A1    abstract-Aspects of the invention relate to water heaters including a water storage tank having a top wall, a bottom wall, and a side wall extending between the top wall and the bottom wall; a combustion chamber extending below the bottom wall of the water storage tank and a heat exchanger configured to receive combustion gases and to transfer heat to water in the water storage tank. The heat exchanger includes a first pass flue extending through the water storage tank and a plurality of second pass flues coupled to receive combustion gases from the first pass flue. The second pass flues extending through the water storage tank and having a straight top portion, a curved bottom portion, and a longitudinal axis residing in a plane. The curved bottom portion of the second pass flues exits the water storage tank through at least one aperture defined in the side wall of the water storage tank.
id-WO2017073515A1    abstract-バーナボディ(1)とファンケース(2)とがケーシング(100)内に収容された給湯器であって、バーナボディ(1)は、下面に平面バーナ(3)が設けられたバーナボディ本体(12)と、バーナボディ本体(12)の上面から突設させた給気導入部(11)とを有し、給気導入部(11)は、ファンケース(2)と連通する空気取込口(10)を有しており、空気取込口(10)が開口しているファン取付面(13)は、正面視で前方又は斜め前方を向くように設けられる。
id-CN106642695A    abstract-本发明涉及一种新型冷凝器装置，包括壳体、方形口、管网、下法兰和上法兰，所述壳体由护板紧固而成，壳体的横截面呈正方形，所述方形口设置在壳体的一端，在方形口的上方设有所述上法兰，管网设置在所述壳体的内部，所述管网包括长翅片管、弯头和短翅片管，所述长翅片管和弯头通过翅片接口连通在一起组成长翅片管道，所述长翅片管道的一端连接一个进口集箱。本发明的密封性好，锅炉热量穿过新型冷凝器装置的管网到达炉墙的热量小，炉墙蓄热较少。本发明的新式结构，导致炉墙蓄热较少，降低成本，减少安装成本，降低了安装复杂程度，提高水管锅炉热效率。
id-EP3163210B1    abstract-
id-EP3171094B1    abstract-
id-US20190078772A1    abstract-Aspects of the invention provide a heat exchanger including a shell at least partially defining an interior region; a burner positioned to deliver combustion gases into the interior region; and a plurality of tubes configured to circulate water therein, the plurality of tubes extending through the interior region. The plurality of tubes further including an inner set of tubes and an outer set of tubes, the inner set of tubes being closer to the burner than the outer set of tubes. The inner set of tubes and the outer set of tubes being positioned adjacent to one another such that the outer set of tubes is staggered from the inner set of tubes and tubes of the outer set of tubes are adjacent to tubes of the inner set of tubes. Additionally, baffle segments are annularly positioned in the interior region adjacent the plurality of tubes. Adjacent baffle segments defining gaps for the flow of the combustion gases.
id-US10408470B2    abstract-A system and method is described for a heater box or compartment within a gas furnace or other HVAC cabinet. The compartment can house drain hoses, drain traps, and other components used to collect and dispose of condensate. The compartment can comprise heating elements or thermostatic switches to assist in preventing the freezing of condensate.
id-EP3168549A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Heizungsanlage, umfassend einen Abgas erzeugenden Primärwärmeerzeuger (1) und einen Abgas erzeugenden Sekundärwärmeerzeuger (2), wobei beide zur Abgasabfuhr mit einer gemeinsame Abgasabfuhreinrichtung (3) verbunden sind. Außerdem betrifft die Erfindung ein Verfahren zum Betrieb einer Heizungsanlage, bei dem ein Primärwärmeerzeuger (1) und erforderlichenfalls ein Sekundärwärmeerzeuger (2) zur Deckung einer Wärmeanforderung betrieben werden, wobei Abgas der beiden Wärmeerzeuger (1, 2) einer gemeinsamen Abgasabfuhreinrichtung (3) zugeführt wird. Nach der Erfindung ist gegenständlich vorgesehen, dass der Sekundärwärmeerzeuger (2) zur Detektion von gegebenenfalls vom Primärwärmeerzeuger (1) kommenden und über die Abgasabfuhreinrichtung (3) zum Sekundärwärmeerzeuger (2) strömenden Abgas eine Durchsatzmesseinrichtung (4) aufweist. Verfahrensmäßig ist nach der Erfindung vorgesehen, dass bei nicht in Betrieb befindlichem Sekundärwärmeerzeuger (2) eine Durchsatzmesseinrichtung (4) verwendet wird, um eine Strömung von vom Primärwärmeerzeuger (1) erzeugten Abgas aus der Abgasabfuhreinrichtung (3) in den Sekundärwärmeerzeuger (2) zu detektieren.
id-WO2017089869A1    abstract-The purpose of the invention is to improve the efficiency of stoves, boilers, burners, fireplaces and internal combustion engines regarding heat recovery, and by doing so, clean the exhaust fumes. Complicated processes exist in industry but there is nothing simple for domestic use or applications requiring a temperature lower than 100°C. The invention is to accomplish, in only one step, the heat recovery and smoke cleaning. The one step wet scrubber can reduce the heat source temperature from 2000°C to less then 30°C, according to the application. As regulations evolve and global warming increases, solutions should be found at a reasonable cost. As the solution is simple, the cost is low and so the technology can be widely spread. The heat exchanger washing tower works by condensing most of the water of the exhaust fumes, allowing the system no necessity for water addition during the operation and the possibility to get an efficiency close to 100% (HHV) for a heating application. To give an example, such a technique allows the recovery of heat from a biomass burner with an efficiency of around 106% (Lower Heating Value, LHV, commonly used in Europe) or near 96% (Higher Heating Value, HHV, commonly used in North America). The different norms regarding the recovery of latent heat from water condensation, explain the value gap. That efficiency should be compared to the usual 70% HHV efficiency of a standard wood appliance. By improving a stove or boiler's efficiency considerably, the invention also allows the smoke treatment, which is never done for domestic applications.
id-WO2017090594A1    abstract-A heat exchanger (10) comprises a front wall (20) and a back wall (30) to form a space (40) for a flue gas such that a fluid flowing through a channel (60, 70) formed in the front and back wall (20, 30) can exchange heat with the flue gas, in use. The front wall (20) includes a lower portion (22) and an upper portion (24). The lower portion (22) extends along the back wall (30). The upper portion (24) extends upwardly from the upper end of the lower portion (22) and extends outwardly away from the back wall (30) so as to form a combustion space (42) of a flammable gas between the upper portion (24) and the back wall (30). The length (L2) of the upper portion (24) along the longitudinal direction thereof is longer than the length (L1) of the lower portion (22) along the longitudinal direction thereof.
